For more of my reviews, visit my blog [...]Laurel is fifteen years old. She is not an ordinary teenager. She eats only fruits and vegetables and drinks Sprite. Since she was a child, she was home schooled on her family land near Orick, California, but when her parents decide to move to Crescent City, she has, for the first time in her life, to go to public school. Her first days at Del Norte High School are difficult, but soon she meets David, the handsome and sweet science nerd and Chelsea. But a hump starts to grow on her back. At first she thinks it's a pimple, her first!, but it grows day by day, becoming difficult to hide. She soon discovers that a flower grows on her back. That's when Laurel is embedded in a tale of magic, intrigue, love and danger where she meets Tamani, a faery, and other evil creatures.Although the start was a bit slow, I could not stop reading from about the fiftieth page. I don't know exactly what happened or what changed, but it gets better. I started and finished it the same night. The idea behind the book is very original. I admit not having read many books about fairies, but the concept seemed pretty original to me. I look forward to learn more about Avalon and fairies in the next novels because we didn't learn a lot in this one.I loved, loved, LOVED Tamani. I think he's the reason why I loved this book so much. His dialogues made me laugh every time and his relationship with Laurel is so much more exciting and intense than the relationship of Laurel and the other guy, I loved every of their scenes when they were together! Their romance was charming. And I loved the end! For those who read the book, you may know why!Something I didn't like was how some characters reacted. The first scene I can think of is when Laurel tells David about her blossom. I found his reaction completely unreal. How could someone be so calm when learning something this strange...Still, it's a novel I recommend. It's an easy, light read, perfect for people who are looking for an entertaining book! I can't wait to read Spells! The book cover is really simple yet cute. After reading it, I can say the wings formed with flower petals fit the story perfectly.