4.5 starsKasie West has done it again. She just blew me away. Although in a way, I think I expected it. Pivot Point was so great that this one just had to be great too. It's awesome and made me feel all fluffy and light. Seriously brilliant. The characters, the writing, the story... Amazing!The Distance Between Us is about Caymen and Xander. Caymen is an only child and lives with her mom above their doll store. They don't have an easy life and it's hard to get around with the little money they have. Now Xander, he's the opposite. He's pretty rich and handsome at that. But you know what they say... Opposites attract! But will it last?God, what can I say about this book that hasn't already been said in other reviews. This book was so great. I loved all of it. I knew the writing would be really good. I mean, it was great in Pivot Point, so. And I expected the story to be good too. And it is. It's sweet, romantic, breathtaking and full of cute moments. Those dates Caymen and Xander went on were so weird and original! Well, they didn't call it dates, but that's what they were. And I loved that. And it wasn't insta-love. Their relationship grew and when to romance finally came, it was sooooo amazing. And they don't tell each other `I love you' immediately, which also is a great thing because I don't like that very much and it's not realistic. But this book was!Of course I loved the characters. Even the minor ones. I mean, Skye and Henry were awesome and so funny! And Mason... Yeah he was okay, but I didn't really like him that much. I didn't know whether I liked Caymens mom or not. Sometimes she was pretty annoying, but in the end I got why she acted the way she did. And I liked Xander's family!I loved Caymen. I really did. Her humour was just... hilarious. Probably because mine is also dry and sarcastic, so I got all of her jokes and I laughed out loud a lot so. She's *exceptionally* good at it. And she was very relatable, which made the character more real! But there was one thing that really bugged me. Her attitude towards rich people. Actually, that bothered me with her mom too. They made it such a big deal and the stereotypes were just stupid. So he's rich, so what? But hey, that's the only thing in the entire book, so. And Xander is awesome. He's so perfect for Caymen and I really loved him. He was funny too! Their conversations made me laugh and giggle out loud. (Not fun when I was reading on the bus and people stared at me...) Guess first impressions aren't always right, which is kind of the message in this book I think.Amazing book with a breathtaking, sweet and cute romance. But not just love, also friendship and a very good message about how first impressions can be very wrong. Kasie West, I won't think twice about buying one of your books ever again. I'm just going to do it. So is my copy of Split Second on its way already or...?