Sapphique is a dystopian/science fantasy book by author Catherine Fischer, and is the sequel to the first book in the Incarceron series, Incarceron. The book is about a hero Finn, whom has escaped the prison of Incarceron, leaving behind his friends Kiero, and Attia. Upon his return, Finn finds that his stepmother is trying to prevent him from becoming king, and the warden of Incarceron has become trapped in the prison himself. The daughter of the Warden has become infatuated with proving Finn to be the lost heir to the throne and rightful king. Finn, and Claudia's life are put into Finn's hands based upon his ability to convince the courts that he is indeed the lost heir to the throne.There were quite a few aspects of this book that I enjoyed about this book. The story was filled with an amazingly large amount of content for the reader, but moved at such a fast pace, while giving excellent descriptions of what was going on. The use of imagery was actually quite excellent. For example when there was a description given of the glove of Incarceron, it was as if you could actually see the glove levitating right before you. Although the book had a wealth of quality content that I found to my liking, there were a few things that I didn't enjoy so much. For example, one thing that I didn't enjoy in the book was the dialogue, interaction, and actions of some characters. The dialogue for one, was quite confusing at time. Also, I found Kiero, and Attia's relationship quite dull, as there seemed to be a sense stagnancy to the romantic side of their relationship. It seemed as though their relationship was more mutualistic for their survival while Incarceron, rather than as a couple whom loved each other. Also I found that the actions of the warden's daughter, Claudia were quite unorthodox. Although this was a science fantasy book, I still can't grasp why she would cling to Finn so much, even when he showed disdain for her following, and affection. However, she was still an important character as far as the development of the overall story.Despite the unorthodox actions of the characters, with their odd interactions, dialogue, and all I found this book to be unsurprisingly excellent. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys science fantasy, and dystopias, of course. If Catherine Fischer did choose to write another book for the Incarceron series, I would read it without hesitation, because Sapphique is a quality read, that was enjoyed greatly by myself.