Have you ever been cheated or tricked? Have you ever put so much trust in somebody but eventually it turned out that he/she lied to you? Do you like the feeling of being fooled? I believe you don't!This book is about lies. Before I started to read it I couldn't think that it's possible to write whole book on such topic, but I found out that there are many more books about lies. That surprised me in the beginning, but getting deeper into the pages I realized that it's really a very wide and important topic in our lives. I thought that I never lie, but it turned out that I do, just mostly all of my lies fall into the category of acceptable lies. You will find many interesting information like classification of lies and liars, the accuracy of polygraph, biggest lies in history and many more.There are things that I liked and disliked in this book. The good thing about reading Paul's book is that I really learned a lot of new things and information. Before reading it I just knew that people lie, now I know a lot more about psychology and science of lie. Yes, you can really call it science! I don't mean that I learned everything written in the book, but I can see a bigger picture on this topic now. Another thing that I liked is examples about real historical events. They really made reading more interesting. One more thing that I paid attention to is that author don't claim things, he just says his opinion, results of the experiments and facts beside. That makes it more real, than just to know someone's opinion and take it for absolute truth.What I missed in this book is more pictures of human expressions with different emotions. There are some, but I think it would be more interesting to see more emotions and more different people feeling the same emotion. Reading this book felt like it is more adapted to catch criminals lying. I've missed more examples and information on business lies.I understand, this book is dedicated to see the big image on lie topic. It's not a learning tutorial. So probably my dislikes are not very countable. Anyway, it's a great book on quite an interesting topic. If you are interested in body language, mentalism or seeking the truth, you should read this book.What's your opinion on lying?