I love you.I am sorry.Please forgive me.Thank you.That's all you need to attract wealth, health and peace of your mind.These four simple sentences make it all. This entire book is rotating around them and the main idea is to reach the level of zero limits, which means you can do everything at that point. The book describes Hawaiian belief system called Ho'oponopono, which is kind of religion, just don't have any gods. It's the system of cleaning yourself from any kind of bad thoughts, habits, actions and so on. Even if it looks simple, it's not so simple to use it properly. The first thing you have to do is to take all responsibility for anything coming into your life for yourself. Only by taking it, you have a change to get results practicing this system.The book is written by the man very well-known from the movie "The Secret" - Joe Vitale. Author describes his experience about getting to know this mysterious method. The book is based on his relationship with Dr Hew Len, the expert of this system.Personally, my first reaction after starting to read this book was really strange. I couldn't understand much that was written in the beginning and it seemed that it's just a nice story, like a novel. I even started to think to quit on reading this book, what I never do. The first thing that caught my attention and kept me on reading was when I read that Ho'oponopono is a Hawaiian system. I love Hawaii, so I decided to keep on reading till the end. Page after page and I really got involved in the book. I started to analyze and think that it might be true, even if it looks mysterious and too simple to be true.I'm not practicing this method intensively now, still I think about it quite often and sometimes try Ho'oponopono system. It's strange, but I think it's working, just I think I need more time to experience the results. Another thing that I started to love is Ho'oponopono music. First times listening it might seem strange, but latter it brings peace to your mind.If you love Hawaii or searching something different in your life I believe you should read Zero Limits. It's one of the philosophies of this beautiful island.