Nassim Taleb writes in a very authoritarian voice.  His tone is frequently at once both pompous and arrogant.  The man is brilliant and he knows it.  He is not shy about letting his reader know it either.  Taleb is brutally contemptuous of those he violently disagrees with being mostly what he terms charlatan and/or fragalista, highly-educated, academic economic pundits that prostitute themselves to business and/or government to perpetuate stupid, destructive ideas and outright fraud either knowingly or unknowingly.  The actual premise of "Antifragile" is quite simple in many ways and could essentially be explained in a couple of pages quite thoroughly.  Taleb takes over 500 pages to discuss the concept going all the way through the Index.  The man is multi-lingual and extremely well read, particularly in the classics.  There are hundreds of references throughout the text to works of literature from different centuries, cultures and languages.  Frequently, the connection to the main theme of the book seems a bit stretched but the vignettes are almost always quite interesting and thought provoking.  Taleb has strong opinions on a wide variety of topics and presents them as facts in a harsh, clipped fashion.  Much of what Taleb proclaims is quite outside the norm and at odds with conventional wisdom.  As soon as I started reading "Antifragile" I could not stop and read the entire book in one long sleep-deprived session with minimal breaks to walk my dogs.  I savored many passages with feelings similar to scraping the fatty delicious meat off the bone of a perfectly charcoal-grilled T-bone steak with my teeth.  I wanted to reread the book immediately but will force myself to wait a minimum of one year before doing so that I can think about the concept of antifragility using my own references and experience without the bombastic voice of Taleb pounding inside my head.  "Antifragile" is probably the best book I have ever read.  It is certainly the most important.  I won't attempt to summarize the main theme of "Antifragile".  I would prefer that people read the book for themselves.  I believe every rationale person on the planet should read this book.  If people applied the concept of antifragility as defined in great detail by Taleb their lives would become happier and more successful.  If the world were ruled by numerous city-states governed by the concept of antifragility our planet would become a safer more productive place.  Poverty and hunger would be largely eradicated.  The global economy would be much healthier and there would be little war.  The threat of nuclear holocaust would diminish exponentially.  Nassim Nicholas Taleb has written a book that could significantly change the world for the better.  There is no greater achievement available to an author.