Apes are holding Einsteins by the ropes in both fighting sides. The same apes are trying to create a new society after the nuclear war. The same apes are living by the fictitious savage dogmas. No questioning, just a blind belief in what is created to be an absolute true. How much human is left there in the society?Aldous Huxley is really very talented philosophical writer. Ape And Essence is his second book I've read after Brave New World. As I've expected, this book made a huge impression on me. I admire author's ability to create great stories and show the world in the most deep philosophical way. I like this book very much, because it reminds us what it means to be human. Author beautifully paints world based on created norms that nobody knows where they came from but takes it as an absolute true.This time Huxley takes us to the future after the nuclear world war. From the surface this book looks different from Brave New World, but actually it's the same insane life, where nobody is really living their own life. It shows us empty post-apocalyptic world where only few survivors are left and are trying to create society again. Everything is told through the eyes of the scientist who came from New Zealand, the only country which was not touched by the war.Interesting fact is that author takes a scientist who looks like he is still living in our known today world and puts him in the conditions of the future post-apocalyptic world, where people are building a society on savage totalitarian and religious fundamentals. And that looks so unacceptable and inappropriate through his eyes, as well as through the readers' eyes. But if you look more deeper, you might see that the world we are living today is not much different, most people are so used to the dogmas, values, routines and imposed norms that most just take them as an absolute true even though sometimes they feel that it doesn't have any meaning to them and just makes them live by the inertia. And here the question rises, is the imagination of the Huxley just a fantasy, or is it a reality just made up with a different make-up?Another interesting thing that I've noticed while reading this book is that those people used books just as firewood to cook and satisfy similar needs. This is not the first book where I've noticed such behavior with books. The misuse of the books was pictured in Brave New World and in Orwell's 1984 as well. I believe these authors want to show that reading books is one of the greatest ways to grow in life and nobody from those stories was interested in this fact. It's sad, but even in our world most people don't use their reading abilities at all, they just forget that and I believe it's equal to using the books as firewood.So how much ape do you have inside you?