Well, I finished, but only because I got this book for review from Netgalley. That's the only reason. This will be one of those review I hate to write, but sometimes you just have to.So... yeah... This book was not that good. Not what I expected at all. Basically this book is about Maddie. She is new at college and in the beginning of the book we meet her when she is getting her annual tattoo. She does that too numb the pain of her parents murder seven years ago. Sounds like a cool character, doesn't it? Well, it isn't. She sounds like a cool chick with issues, but actually she's a naive (or dumb) 18-year old girl who never watches tv, never had a cell phone before and don't know what 'kinky' means. Yeesh. Talk about unrelatable. That wouldn't bother me if I had seen more of the traumatised, broken side of her that witnessed her parents murder. But I rarely saw that. 80% of the time she is just a normal (stupid, dumb and naive) girl. Yeah... No.Then we have Kyle. His dad is the one who killed Maddies parents al those years ago. I didn't like him either. Just another stereotype boy that has some issues he never deals with and instead only thinks of sex. *Yaaaawn*The rest of the characters were not all that memorable for me, so that's not good either.The romance in this story is one of the main things. Maddie has been in love with Kyle for years because they used to be best friends when they were young. I hoped for a good romance here, but it was just kissing and no bonding most of the time. Yeah, that doesn't do it for me. Especially when I got the background on how they used to be. They made some kind of pact when they were eleven to be each others firsts. First kiss, first date, etc,... And when they see each other again after so many years, no bonding and catching up at all? Another let down in this book. Sigh. Oh and I for one, could never fall in love with a guy whose father killed my parents. Maybe I'm just weird for that. *shrugs*The writing.... Well... I've read much better. Really. The double POV didn't work for me. At all.If you expect a great, uplifting book about hope, forgiveness, love, drama, etc,... Don't hold your breath, because that's not what this book was for me personally. I am really sorry, but I just didn't like this book at all. It's a shame though... I like the cover and the blurb made it sound so interesting... *sigh* I'm sorry for the negative review. I really don't like doing this.