I... I just... Okay I can't do this right now... I need a minute okay?30 minutes later...Yeah, 1 minute, 30 minutes... whatever. If you've read this book, you understand. If you haven't, you will when you have. This book is so... my god I still can't find the right words.Another 15 minutes later...Okay I'm ready now. This book was heartbreaking and so beautiful. It's one of the best I've read this year. While I was reading, I was laughing, crying and speechless. It was both sad and uplifting. It's a story about coping with loss, grief, regret, making mistakes and trying to fix them. But it's also a story about friendship, forgiveness and love. Brilliant, just... brilliant.I didn't understand that at first, but I did once I finished the book. I get it know. So does Kacey. Kacey is the main character in this story. Four years ago she was in a terrible accident in which she lost so much. Since then, she has never been the same. But she still has her sister Livie. They move to Miami to escape their aunt and uncle and to start over. That's not easy, of course. They meet their neighbors, Storm and her daughter Mia. Storm helps Kacey get a job as her co-worker. A bartender in a strip-club. And they meet Trent. The hot guy from appartement 1D. But Kacey still has to deal with her past and she doesn't let anybody come to close to her. Somehow Trent finds a way to crawl under her skin, but he too has some skeletons in his closet. I can't talk about that because it's a huge spoiler and you have to read the book and feel everything without knowing what'll happen. So no more about that. The writing was excellent. Absolutely without a doubt. This woman has a lot of talent. Can't wait to start the sequel.I loved Kacey. She was so awesome, seriously. Yeah, she has some major issues to deal with, but that's understandable, isn't it? She went through a lot and honestly, I don't blame her for coping with it the way she did. I wouldn't even have survived it. She really is tough. Oh, I love her sarcasm and the fact that she can kick some ass, literally.I also loved Livie, although we didn't get to know her that well. Still, she's cool for a fifteen-year-old. Oh and Storm. Who would've thought that a blond barbie with huge tits who works in a strip club could be so awesome? But she is, she really is. She's caring and nice and so sweet. She's a great friend and an even greater mom. I really love her.Now we talk about the guy. The hot guy from appartement 1D. He wasn't what I expected. At all. At first, I thought he'd be one of those hot guys that fixes the troubled girl with sex. But he's not that guy. He's a sweet, caring and loving man and a gentleman. I never would've guessed that. But... no I can't talk about that because it's a big fat spoiler, so I'm not going to say anything. But in the end, my opinion about him is still the same.Basically I loved all the characters. Cain, the owner of the club where Storm and Kacey work, is so cool. He's not a stereotype! Hurray! I loved them all and I will remember them for a long time.By writing Ten Tiny Breaths K.A. Tucker crawled under MY skin and didn't let me go. I don't think I'll forget this book anytime soon.