For the longest time I was beyond words after I started reading this book.It's taken me a few weeks to recompose my senses enough to write this review! But unlike many of the other 1-star reviews, I'm not going to discourage people from picking up this book.Actually, I ENCOURAGE it, so you can see for yourself just how absurd its premises are.  But instead of handing over your $$ to line Amanda Byrne's pocketbook, seriously, please instead check this book out from a library/borrow a copy from a friend/find free passages online.I don't know what is more disturbing... the actual content of the book or the fact that it was even green-lighted to begin with. And Oprah!  Dear beloved Oprah!  How COULD you endorse a book that teaches "If you see people who are overweight do no observe them but immediately switch your mind to the picture of you in your perfect body and feel it."Selling  this to the masses has just as many frightening implications as  "If you see people who are Jewish do not observe them but immediately switch your mind to the picture of you in your perfect race and feel it"  (And we all know that the mental "snuffing" of Jews didn't just end there....)If you think, "Well, that's an exaggerated comparison.  Rhonda Byrne is not implying the genocide of fat people" well think again.  Rhonda Byrne may not be advocating physical genocide but she certainly is advocating the mental kind, encouraging her readers to embrace the US vs THEM mentality...  "Us" being the superior, the thinner, the richer (the "straight", etc) and "them" being anyone who is not "us".A person who finds their identity through such a skewed mentality can become so desensitized to "them" that violence against "them" often can and does erupt, whether it is the murder of one..... or 6 million.And to think, regarding ""events in history where masses of lives were lost,"  The Secret has the audacity to say, ""By the law of attraction, they had to be on the same frequency as the event."  So, according to the "law" of attraction, they basically wished and thought it upon themselves until it became true?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(The exclamation points are  a polite summary  of what I was REALLY thinking... I have to keep my review G-rated, you know)Amanda Byrne must have never read Holocaust survivor Elie Wisel's book "Night".  Or if she has, she probably did not "observe" any of Wisel's horrific written  accounts, and rather envisioned her own "perfect"  book and the millions of dollars she would rake in!!!Ahem. Moving on....A quote at the beginning of the same paragraph about weight reads: ""Make it your intention to look for, admire, and inwardly praise people with your idea of perfect-weight bodies."Is it any wonder, then, that people (mainly women and young girls) end up obsessing over their own bodies and develop eating disorders?Another paragraph from this book which just rubbed me raw was:"Whether we realize it or not, we are thinking most of the time. If you are speaking or listening to someone, you are thinking. If you are reading the newspaper or watching television, you are thinking. When you recall memories from your past, you are thinking. When you are considering something in your future, you are thinking. When you are driving, you are thinking. When you are getting ready in the morning, you are thinking."Gee, I'm not sure I get the point.  Do you think she's trying to tell me that I am thinking?I can't even begin to tell you how completely turned off I was when I read this:"Everything that surrounds you right now in your life, including the things you're complaining about, you've attracted. Now I know at first blush that's going to be something that you hate to hear.... And I'm here to be a little bit in your face and to say, yes you did attract it"I'm sorry... even if the "law" you are speaking of (on authority, of course) really is 100% fact, if you feel you have to "get in my face" to make me believe it, well, then you're insulting my intelligence.  Real experts in real sciences don't HAVE  to get in anybody's face to convince them of anything.  (I've never heard of physicists/scientists/academic professors having to get  in people's faces to prove the law of gravity.)And besides, no matter what point someone is trying to make, whether it be about this so-called law or about something as ordinary as an opinion of a new song out on the radio, if it is expressed along with an "in-your-face" attitude, I'm not going to take to the message - even if I happen to agree with it - very kindly.The problem with "The Secret" is that the quotes I referenced above are not the only disturbing / damaging / insulting ones to be found.  The book is FULL of them.  Don't believe me?  Read the book to find out for yourself.In conclusion, the only explanations I can come up with for the baffling number of 5-star reviews for "The Secret" are:1. Real people are writing about their real experiences with positive thinking, but mistakenly attribute  the positive things happening in their lives  to having read and espoused "The Secret" - as opposed to the fact that they actually worked hard for what they got, or they just had plain dumb luck.2. Reviewers actually wrote a negative review,  but didn't realize they accidentally selected 5 stars (if you read the 5-star reviews, you'll see what I'm talking about)3. Shameless investors / promoters of this book have inflated the number of 5-star reviews to pump up salesP.S.  Oprah I love you and I truly believe you the light for so many people.  I hope to see you one day stand up to "The Secret"!!  Even if it means having to backtrack your endorsement.  You did it with James Frey, so you can do it with Amanda Byrne!