Even if her grandfather Lawrence is now back in New York, Schulyer is forced to go live with her uncle Charles Force and his two kids to keep appearances to the eyes of humans. If the interdiction to see her grandfather and Oliver is not enough, Schulyer has to live with Mimi who hates her even more after what happened in Venice and Jack, her forbidden crush, who won't even look at her. The Conclave now knows that what Lawrence always believed is true. When an ancient source of power located in Rio de Janeiro is being threatened by the Silver Bloods, they all have to fly to the exotic city of carnivals and beaches to discover who is behind all this. Conspiracies, secrets and a lot of plot twists!There are a lot of books about vampires out there. This one is different from them. I feel like Melissa de la Cruz did something new and great with this series. What she did with the concept of immortally was really interesting. I never read about something like that. Vampires live a human lifetime then &#34;die&#34; until they are called again on earth. And they have memories of every lifetime. She also did some funny and plausible explanations of the myths about vampires, like why they catch in fire at the sight of sun (it's because they can transform themselves in elements like fire) or why humans believe in such things as soulmates because of twins in the vampire world that are meant to find and be with each other in every lifetime. She also mixed vampires and fallen archangels which I enjoyed.As for the characters, Schulyer is a great heroine. She loves her friends and family and would do anything for them. At first, she's not confident at all and throughout the books, she's becoming more and more confident about her abilities, but also about herself and her appearance. I love when we see an evolution like that with a character, it's essential in a series that characters change after what happen to them. My favourite character is Oliver. At first, I didn't feel like that about him and I wanted Jack to get the girl, but I'm not sure anymore. Oliver and Schulyer have so much in common. He's loyal, even after what he learns around the end, he helps her in Rio de Janeiro. He's perfect for her. But with what was revealed in his Repository file, I'm not sure I want Schulyer to end with either one...There was a lot going on in the third instalment! And the end. The end! I was so stressed with all that was happening! I had so many questions as to what was going on in this book like who is the man in the white suit? What is happening to Bliss? etc. The only thing I could do was guess. A lot was finally explained in the last pages. I had some things right, but there were some plot twists that I never expected. I have so many questions left and the end brings even more of them. I don't know why, but Bliss' parents look shady. What they did with the Watcher was weird, something is going on here, I'm sure of it!I really enjoyed the book and I have the next one on my bedside table, ready to be read. For me, it's the best book of the series so far!