Wow. I just have no words. I've been sitting here for a few minutes, thinking about what I was going to say in my review. Still have nothing, so I'm just going to ramble a bit and sometimes these kinds of reviews are the most fun to read. But I did love this book. A lot. And it might just have a place in my top 14 of this year already.First of all, this is such an original story. I'm not going to give a summary because of what I just said. My thoughts are all jumbled up and I can't get them straight so. But the main character is pretty cool. The story is cool and the idea of The Archive is so original. I was sucked in from the first page and I just read it pretty much in one sitting (with some breaks here and there). There are two kinds of narrations, both Mackenzie. One is just the present and the other is I think the past. It's like her diary to her dead grandfather who learned her all about the Archive and all that stuff. It was pretty cool and it wasn't annoying, it really helped the story along. There is a bit of a romance, but it's secondary and I loved that. And it wasn't really a big romance. It was nice because there was a lot going on for Mackenzie and she has more important stuff to do.I really liked the characters in this book. They were all important to the story and I wanted to know more about them. I just... I was sucked into that world with those people and the mystery in it all. Mackenzie is a great main character. I loved her. And I felt for her. I also loved Wesley, he's cool and awesome. I'm not going to say to much about the other ones, but they were all great and I loved them all. There is something wrong in the Archive and it's someone in the inside that does bad things and I suspected someone the whole time but in the end I was wrong and I like that. It wasn't predictable. God I'm really jumping from one thing to another here.I'll sum it all up by just saying that it's really good, I'm going to buy the hardback copy of it next month because it's just that great (and duhh, cover love!) and I can't wait to read the sequel. I'd recommend this book to people who loved Anna Dressed in Blood or even the TV-show Supernatural (first season). It's really original and definitely a must-read for fans of the YA Paranormal genre. Schwab, you've got a new fan!