Finally after so many years someone has written a book that captures the harsh reality of a Father, and a family who watched their son go off to war in Afghanistan. That person is Mark Nielsen a 34 year veteran of the Chicago Fire Department, in his book, M Son: Boy. Man. Marine.The book is an honest unpretentious portrait of a father who modesty yet effectively recounts his son's joining the United States Marine Corps, and heading off to war. From the Marine Corps Recruiting Depot in San Diego California, to the long trip to Camp Dwyer in Afghanistan.Nielsen tells of his many long hours of praying with his church, family and friends. Always listening for the telephone to ring, and watching for that six-digit number from his son Scott. Scott informs his father of his last mission with the Thundering Third Battalion Marines, and if possible the next assignment, sometime weeks go by without a call, you can feel the tension.Nielsen gives an insightful firsthand account of the conditions that his son and many other US Marines now live, filthy conditions with no showers, and the afternoon temperatures that reach 110 degrees, as they push forward into the southernmost section of the Helmand Province.Throughout his book Nielsen tries to maintain his life back in Chicago, first with his wife, Scott's mom Margaret a nurse, his son Brett, daughter Jill, and Scott's girlfriend Michelle. Second, he tries to maintain his second family the Chicago Fire Department, as an Assistant Deputy Fire Commissioner, that responds to fires and all other incidents throughout the city of Chicago.The story moves forward with the day to day events that occur in the War, he checks the casualty lists and injury lists, and often wonders how he would be able to handle the worst news a father can get from the United States Marines.A gripping tale of a father and a family that lets his, SON: his BOY. Become a Man and a Marine, at times you might get choked up.... The book is a great read thank you for sharing your story.