Wow... This book is heartbreaking, frustrating, dramatic, romantic and more. It was more then I expected, to be honest. Way more. And I loved every part of it.So in this book suicide is an epidemic. And the only 'cure' they could come up with is The Program. (Stupid donkeys... I may have a few ideas that could help you know. For instance... Stop the monkeys that are making those super kill pills or let people mourn when they've lost someone... Don't wipe their memory if they get depressed because it's actually your fault they are because they can't show their emotions the way they should... Okay, I'm stopping now. Moving on.) So you get it. The Program basically erases your memories. Takes the bad ones that make you 'sick' away. So if you show signs of being sick, they take you to one of the facilities and wipe your memory and then in the end you're happy again and all the bad stuff is gone. (I would rather take one of those kill pills instead of getting my memory wiped.) It's actually pretty original. But seriously. So many geniuses in the world and that's the best they could come up with? Tsss.So the main character in this story is Sloane. She is a really fun character and I loved her. I felt for her and I felt a lot. No kidding. The first part of the book is heartbreaking (the whole book is actually but okay). Her brother died, her best friend doesn't remember her, her other best friend dies and the boy she loves is taken from her too. Yeesh, talk about a hard life. But she is a fighter and she wants to hold on to James as long as she can. She doesn't want to forget. I love her for that. She's strong.The second half of the story is equally heartbreaking and a bit frustrating near the end. If you lose your memories, can you get them back? Does your heart remember what your mind forgot? That's the main question in the second half of the story. And it was so frustrating to know what she did not anymore. But I am sooo glad the way this book ended. And I can't wait for the next book.Oh and I love James. He's awesome and hot. And Realm is ... I don't know, I don't like him.Awesome book, I want the sequel. Like... Yesterday.