What's up with the dystopian novels these days? Almost every single one I've read in the last month were great. I've read some bad ones in the past and lost hope a little for the genre, but David Estes' The Moon Dwellers gave me hope again and since then, my hope grew and I can now officially say that I love this genre once again. And this book was no different. I really liked it!Two Thirds of the world's population is wiped out after the worst war ever seen on the planet Earth. One of the survivors is Charlotte, a girl that can read minds. After losing her family, the New World leader takes her with him and soon she becomes his secret weapon. Her job is to make sure the rebels stay down, where they belong. Until one of them sneaks past her defences and makes her feel things she never felt before. But will this love save them or end them?I don't know why I've read anything by Janelle before. I mean... I wanted too, but never got it. I even won a copy of Eden in a giveaway a few weeks ago. I just didn't get to it I guess. But I will soon, because I love her! She's a great writer and I love her style. I'm normally not a big fan of writing in first person, but I didn't really mind in this book. But it is one of two the things that kept this book from being 5 stars. The second one being the fact that the double POV was a bit confusing in the beginning. I was really invested in the first one, Charlotte's, and then it switches to another person. And it's because of that first person writing, that it was so confusing. But that's really the only bad thing I can say about this book. I love the way Janelle created the world the story takes place in and I just love Janelle. Next to talented, she's also a very sweet and nice woman.I like the characters too. Charlotte is pretty badass. I'm sure she can kick some ass if she needs to. Yeah, she's beautiful, but they don't really use that as a weapon. She has to wear a mask to keep the fact that she's a girl a secret, so that's another thing I liked. She grows a lot in this book and even though she is a badass heroine, she's still vulnerable. That makes her human and relatable.I liked Pete too and Ramon and Ludwig and all the other characters, but Charlotte's my favorite, so.I am going to read the sequel when it's out and I definitely recommend it to everyone who loves dystopian novels.