3.5 stars!To be clear, I enjoyed this book. It was pretty good and the characters were awesome, but at times it was a bit... boring. I think some people will compare it to twilight, and it is similar, like so many books are, but this book at least has fun and entertaining Main Characters. And the writing is good. I just would've liked to see more action, more... something. Maybe in the second book?Sunshine is about Sophie. She has an allergy for the sun which means she's almost as pale as Caspar, Snow White or a vampire. At least, that's what the kids at school say. But she doesn't really care anymore. She has two amazing best friends and she can always count on her family. Well most of them anyway. And then Myles comes along. It's clear from the start that something's up with him. He has secrets, but so does Sophie. Both of them have a past they do not wish to share. But as they grow closer, more and more secrets will be revealed.So this story is good and well... Like I said, it was a bit boring. For the most part of the story, nothing really happens. Myles and Sophie get to know each other and their friendship grows and blossoms into something more eventually, but nothing exciting really happens until we hit the 80% mark. If the characters weren't as fun and cool as they were, I wouldn't have given this book the rating I just gave. But it's nice to see a friendship grow into something more between two people. Especially a human and vampire. Yeah, no surprise there. Most of the book is told in the blurb, which made it a bit predictable. Oh and by the way, not to sound like a total geek, but in the above quote... Charmander first evolves into Charmeleon and then Charizard. (Okay yeah, I'm a geek.)I think it's clear that I loved the characters. Sophie is pretty cool. She has a milky white skin, dark magenta hair and wears combat boots. Seriously. Awesome. And yeah, she has issues to deal with from the past, but I get it. There is a depth to her and I liked that. And I loved seeing her growing and learning to care of someone other then her two awesome best friends. Talking about best friends. In this case we have a Korean brother and sister, Boo and Trei (as in peek-a-book and tree). They are soooo cool and funny. And there are some other well-developed side-characters like the stepdad and sisters and high-school barbie bitches. But I hated Sophie's mom. Not exactly mother-of-the-year material. But I really loved Myles! He's a cool vampire and he cares for her. I like the vampires in this book by the way. They're cool.So overall I liked this book. And the ending pretty much made up for the boring parts in the rest of the book. So I'm excited to read the next book sometime in the future! And I do recommend this book to people who love the genre and want to see a relationship that grows for a change. No insta-love in this book! Hurray! But okay. So check this book out people!