Today is science fiction of yesterday and tomorrow is science fiction of today.Hot air balloons, zeppelins, bird-men, first attempts to fly, parachutes, first planes, first airlines, spaceships, trips to the space, future of air travelling and much much more you will be able to know going through the pages of Reach For The Skies.Reach For The Skies is a beautifully written history of the evolution of the men's attempts, fails and successes to conquer the skies. The author of the book is my favorite billionaire Sir Richard Branson. As he loves to fly himself, it is very interesting to see this history of the airship through his eyes. I really enjoyed finding out how all that what we now have in air traffic was developed. Branson presents the facts in a very nice way where you can see people's visions, attempts, persistence, fails, successes and finally where all that led to.Not much time have passed since first attempts to fly were made. It's only a little more than two hundred years since first hot air balloon lifted from the ground and now we already have spaceships, which can fly to other planets. The same is with the travelling speed. It changed dramatically in just a couple of decades. Everything developed so fast, that it's hard to imagine where we are going to be in another one hundred years. Branson himself established the company called Virgin Galactic, which can take you to the space and everybody can become an astronaut. It's already possible!It's also a huge opportunity for new businesses. It might be difficult for many of you to see it in a business way, but some people are already doing it. As I mentioned before one of them is Richard Branson. Moreover, space hotel is being made for those who want to spend some time watching the earth from the skies. Many other opportunities are opening and author gives us a look through all the history to the future. One more interesting fact I found out in this book was that the first airlines were established even before first airplanes were really made to fly. That's the vision! Now is the next step. All of that you will be able to read in Reach For The Skies.So where is your ceiling? The Moon? The Mars? or maybe something much bigger..