I received a free copy of this book in exchange for an honest review*I&#8217;ll start off by saying thank to the author for allowing me to be one of the lucky people who received an ARC copy of this book. In case I somehow fail to make the point in my review the most important thing to know about this book is that it is really good and if you have not read it yet, you should.One of the things I noticed and liked about the book was the pacing. Normally an author will go slow and set up the story and each character so that you get to know them properly before the conflict of the book starts. While that is a good thing for books that are longer, it also means that for me at least since the good part is hardly in the beginning I am able to put the book down and come back to it later. This one however jumps right into the storyline without feeling rushed.I loved Jenna&#8217;s character. It&#8217;s been a while since I read a book with strong heroine who doesn&#8217;t lose her mind and opinion just because of a guy. Jenna was an independent and strong woman who did not back down to others despite them trying to intimidate her. I mean to go back to the small town where your mom got caught sleeping with the mayor and led you to being a victim of the vicious rumor mill takes some serious lady balls. Another thing I loved about Jenna was her loyalty. Without revealing spoilers, I will say that Jenna&#8217;s attitude towards some people was very admirable despite what was happening. Like I said earlier, she was a strong character who did base her actions on a guy.The relationship between her and Josh I really liked how he did not judge her despite of the rumors. I loved how protective he was of her and although sometimes his actions were misguided at times, I never doubted his feelings for her. Josh frustrated me with how he reacted to some things but it wasn&#8217;t until the end that it all made more sense although I could still not justify what he had done. However his redeeming quality was that he was just caught in a difficult situation and he was trying to do his best to deal with it.My one complain about the book is the length. Now I&#8217;m not sure if it&#8217;s because I'm used to reading 250+ page books that anything under that just seems like too little or that it was actually a little short. But yeah while the story was not rushed at all I would have liked for it to be a little longer and see some interaction between Jenna and other people who weren&#8217;t Josh.As far as the ending is concerned I have to say that I have had my fair share of experience with books where I do not like the ending. Then after a couple of days of thinking about it I will sometimes realize that the author had a good point in ending the book the way that they did (except for you John Green, your endings kill me). This book was no exception, I had mixed feelings about it at first but now I am glad that the author chose to end it that way because it was true to the type of person that Jenna was.