This whole series has given me just enough to keep reading, but not enough to be satisfied. I basically only read the final book just to see what happened. I was pleasantly surprised that I did enjoy a lot of the book. But the end really fell flat.*Possible Spoilers, but I'll try not to really give anything away*Let's start with the good. The plot is very interesting. This is really what kept me reading. I love Dystopian novels, and the world he created and the mysterious plot was really cool and definitely made me want to read more. I wanted to know more about the world, WICKED, and everything about them. Sadly, when you finally read about what they are doing, it's just not satisfying. Not terribly, but just a bit anticlimactic. I wanted something more. He doesn't explain the reasons behind most of my questions, like why do they have to be put through sooo many awful things, so many deaths, and so many horrible situations? And yet practically nothing good? What was the point of the people being able to speak to each other in their minds? How did this government get so many resources while the world is practically destroyed? He just barely describes what they were doing, but doesn't delve into them at all. Wow... I already set in on the bad of the book...Well here is the rest of what I think is bad..The character development is poor at best, just like the other books. The first definitely had it the strongest, not that it ever was too strong, and the sequels didn't improve. The characters are pretty flat. The interaction and dialogue between characters don't ever seem completely real. This could've been avoided if we were lead to really care about the characters. It's not the weakest character development, but it is one of the weaker parts of this book, and the series as well.I often am finding Thomas to be putting tons of care into some things and characters that I don't feel he should have. I'll try not to give anything away, but when a certain character tells Thomas that he hates him and tells him to leave him alone, Thomas says that it was the single worst feeling he's ever had... Really? There have been countless people dying around him, some that he even really cared about like Chuck from the first book, and he's been lied and hurt and betrayed by other friends and especially the girls... and yet this is the worst feeling he's ever had... I think Thomas has the Flare bad and it's been affecting his brain and his emotions far more than the writer is letting on.*Definite Spoilers*Okay so if you've gotten to the end, here is where I was dissapointed the most. Teresa. She was such a big character in the first book, and even the second. Now she's a nobody. The writer tries to bring back some bit of redemption and some kind of emotional reaction from the reader at the end. But Thomas doesn't seem to care when she gets smashed, and neither did I. Being such a big part of his life I figured Thomas would care a bit more... But nope. And then it was such a letdown. Three whole books of WICKED looking for a cure, and this last book title "THE DEATH CURE!" and yet nothing.... LAME! I felt like all these characters, every single one in the book went through this giant adventure and all this pain and suffering all for nothing... And where were they at the end anyways? Nothing explained. Nothing further to understand what's gonna happen to the characters next. I felt like it built up to a strong finale and then just fell down and pitifully ended. Very dissapointed with the end.*End Spoilers*Well yes, rant over. Like I said in the beginning, the book was captivating, kinda. But the end really let me down. I think with a little creativity, and some more effort, Dashner could've made something amazing, especially out of the end. But instead it felt like a first draft that was shoved out into the market...