If you're a Shadow Man follower like myself, then you know you gotta get this game.  However, it doesn't live up to Shadow Man Senior.  Let me explain.  Shadow Man is a black guy from the city down on his luck after failing his college courses, and squandering his resources with gambling and booze.  When a line of ShaMan and a Voodoo Priestess get mixed up in the line, Mike is transformed into the ShadowMan, Lord of DarkSide, or hell basically.  But with great power comes great missions and ShadowMan is required to collect Dark Souls before A certain demon named Legion does, and create demon humanoids bent on turning the world into a fiery carcass carved out of hell.  This game has tons of blood and gore, and VERY CREEPY sound effects, such as clawing people and pigs squeeling or the detestable screwing and surgery done to an infant somewhere in the back.  You also have to acquire different powers that enable you to do things such as swim in lava, climb walls of wire and coal, climb blood waterfalls and more.  This game is one OF THE BEST GAMES EVER developed.  Control appears a little stiff at least on the N64 version, which also has terrible graphics for this game.  I have heard the PlayStation version is way worse as well.  So, do the smart thing and grab it on Sega Dreamcast!  It's obvious a lot of care was put into this platform, voodoo cursing, biblical testing serial killer chasing game.  So the first one was A BANGER.  What about ShadowMan 2?  There are some cool new elements to it.  I like the fact that Shadow Man is bigger, and the special effects added to him when he enters Deadside is cool.  What is a little irritating are things like not being able to hack through wood with a machete, fighting three or more enemies all at once using unimpressive and unimpressive control scheme for fighting as a human, and dark region areas.  Even brightening the screen didn't do much for me on this game, because you'll still can't see anything. Even if you do manage to reach checkpoints and discover a few new levels and secrets, all in all it's super difficult to advance.  I cannot advance in this game yet, not even with the walkthrough.  By the way, if you find a walkthrough you're lucky like me, because it was almost impossible.  So if you love Shadowman and want to rise to the challenge, go ahead, buy it.  But this game is waaay too hard before it actually gets started.