For more of my reviews, visit my blog [...]One year has passed since Laurel found out that she was a faerie. Even if she has come to accept what she is, she refuses to turn her back on her human life. But she is summoned to Avalon and now has to spend the summer to learn everything about magic and the world. Trolls, romance and a lot of information in this book.All these descriptionsIn this book, the author really managed to captivate me with the sceneries. There were a lot of descriptions that really made me imagine the places, without being too much and slow down my reading. But she also managed to leave a little to the imagination. The scene, or rather scenes that come to my mind are when we discover Avalon. All the details and the adjectives Aprilynne Pike used made it looks majestic! I wish I could see this place in real.Finally some detailsWe discover a lot about fairies and their world in this book. It was necessary because we didn't have a lot of information in the first book about any of this. The world is so developed, I loved learning about Avalon, the different types of fairies, how this world works, etc.Some development for the love triangleI  loved what the author did with Tamani and Laurel. Their chemistry is amazing. Tamani says some beautiful stuff in this one, I like him he is passionate and sweet, he would do anything for her. I could feel the tension between them and I want to know what is going to happen with this love triangle! About this love triangle. I don't mind them in a book if it's done right. In this book, it's not about if it's done right or not, but more about Laurel. I loved her in the first book, but I found her terribly cruel with the two boys.Love/Hate relationshipI don't know what to think about Laurel anymore. As I was writing previously, she's cruel. I understand she has conflicted feelings about which one she loves but sometimes she does unnecessary things that hurt one of the two. I also found her careless even after Jamison told her to be careful. While reading, I found myself thinking how dumb she was...I really enjoyed the book even if Laurel was annoying. I can't wait to read the next book in the series and see if my intuition about Klea is right.