For more of my reviews, visit my blog [...]Calla Tor is a young Guardian of the Nightshade pack. As the alpha of the pack, she always knew one day she would have to mate with the alpha from the other pack, Ren Laroche from the Bane pack, to form a new pack and continue to protect Vail's sacred sites for the Keepers. One day on patrol, she encounters a human boy being attacked by a bear. Against the pack laws, she saves his life and in the process reveals to him the existence of werewolves. But when she sees him at school as a transfer student the next day, she knows everything will change.Love triangles everywhereA love triangle, again. I love it! We have on one side Ren, the handsome alpha male, and on the other side Shay, the beautiful human boy. Who wouldn't want to be in Calla's position and have these two guys after her? I loved the contrast of the two relationships, how with Shay it was sweet and with Ren more intense and physical. They each have something different to offer to Calla. I think I'm team Ren, but I'm not sure yet. I found Calla and Ren to have the same passion and they understand each other because of their position in the pack. And he's the "bad boy".Great charactersAndrea Cremer did a great job with her characters. First of all, I liked Calla. I think she's a strong and very loyal heroine. She knows what she wants and she doesn't let anyone tell her what to do. She wants to do her own choices. She's strong enough to tell the handsome and sexy male alpha Ren that she's not one to share with other girls. She also wants to be his equal in leading the pack. She was a bit egoist by moments, but I really enjoyed the book anyway. Ren, Shay, Ansel, Bryn... I also cared for all these characters.Lack of informationI was around page 100 and there wasn't any explications about Keepers, Guardians, Searchers, etc. yet. Luckily, it was easy to understand without these information in the beginning but I think the author should have introduce a little bit of information in the beginning.An amazing cover for a good bookThe book cover (the hardcover one, not the paperback) is just incredibly gorgeous. I love the purple color and the calla lilies at the bottom. I remember being totally in love with this cover when it came out. Overall, the book was good and makes me want to read Wolfsbane but something was missing for me to make it four stars. Maybe because the main focus seemed to be the romance and it's not enough for me.