I have been reading reviews,  visited Best Buy,  Verizon,  AT&T,  and few other local stores that sell bluetooth speakers. I have purchased 2 other brands and returned them for poor performance. With all that said... I went to best buy this morning to buy either the bose min or Sony srx5.  I realized to get any reasonable sound quality I had to bump to the $200 price point. While looking a very helpful store attendant asked if I needed help. I noticed these TDK not on their shelf to listen to. I asked if he could open the box for me to just see the size.  He opened the box and the second I held the unit I immediately noticed it's weight (heavy enough to have good components but not to heavy to remain portable).  He then asked if I wanted to hear it.  I took him up on that offer.  Meanwhile the was another customer he had been helping choosing between the Logitech or bose unit.  The store person asked what I liked to listen to and I said journey.  He immediately synced his phone and started a journey track.  I was blown away instantly.  The clarity of the sound,  crystal clear highs and amazing base was shocking to say the least.  I knew I had just picked my speaker.  To my amazement the other shopper ready to buy the bose said "holy cow".  My reaction also to this speakers incredibly clear and rich sound.  I grabbed the last one unopened and the other shopper said pack that one back up... I am taking it.  So... Two people bought what I consider a sleepy secret in this overcrowded market of speakers. If you have never listened to this speaker and are looking to purchase any speaker from 150-200 range you absolutely owe it to your ears to find one and hear for yourself. You may just be amazed like I was. After all the looking and reviewing I had done I honestly thought that bose or Sony has the best sound.  I was so wrong.  It had a great speaker phone mic.  It has amazing battery life and you simply can't go wrong. I bought mine for 149.99 and would have paid 200 for it without hesitation.  Buy and enjoy.