These are fascinating, multi-dimensional novels that can be interpreted in endless ways.  They are fast moving and keep you guessing about where they are going and what it all means.  Just like real life, the devil is in the trivial details, intentional and unintentional misunderstandings abound, and the irony builds and builds.Many comparisons with the masterpieces are possible (Don Quixote, Candide, Madame Bovary, The Awakening, Bleak House, Strange Case of Doctor Jekyll and Mister Hyde).  At the risk of destroying something beautiful, over-simplifying, and generalizing something that is unique, one could say these books capture the decline in morals, family, business, legal, and social relationships in the United States and document an accelerated trend toward fragmentation, alienation, stagnation, and decay.Maybe it's because we were bombarded with political advertisements for months on end and our country seems engaged in one crisis after the next, but I found myself thinking that these novels are an extended metaphor for how our political and social life has disintegrated over the last few decades.Something happened that caused serious distrust and a change in values.  It is hard to say what it was (the Vietnam War, Watergate, women's lib, birth control, Bill Clinton's Presidency, etc.), but it happened, and there is no going back.  The change manifested very quickly, so quickly that one must surmise that it was something that resulted from strong forces that had built up over a long period of time.The Republicans have values which are tradition-based and logic-bound.  The Democrats' values tend towards the emotional and they seem to relish challenging traditional beliefs and practices.  However, both parties are afraid of bringing their conflict out into the open and waging an honest and public war for fear of alienating the voters (kids in the case of this story).The Republicans do not understand the full extent to which their values are fundamentally in conflict with the Democrats.  Since the Republicans want to preserve the most basic traditional value of civility (bi-partisanship), they are routinely manipulated and co-opted into various agreements.  And of course, each of these agreements and attempts to compromise ultimately exacerbate every problem, rather than solving anything.In the process of their long-simmering conflict, the Country's infrastructure and viability have decayed (housing, education, economy, governance, law) and the U.S. has split into two rival camps.  The Democrats and the Republicans have such different values, taste and preferences and they distrust each other so much that they can no longer talk to each other in any meaningful way.  Periodically, they go to the court or to vote, but neither side respects the judgment that is rendered, and both sides skulk off feeling victimized.  They live in separate houses in the same town but never talk to each other, except when they have no choice, and even then it is to conduct or conclude some transaction.Considering that I am recommending these novels to my friends and family, I am disappointed that my description sounds so dull and humorless.  Enjoy them.