There are some books which evoke a sense of nostalgia, passion and love, of raindrops and balmy breezes, of light predicaments and romantic trysts! &#8216;When I See Your Face&#8217; is one of those. It is the story of Cathy, who resolves to start life over, &#8220;without a husband who didn&#8217;t love her and whom she had grown to fear and avoid, if not hate.&#8221; Mark is the scheming charmer who treats her like a possession, and thinks it is his right to abuse her, whenever he is drunk.She falls in love with the picturesque little village that gives her sanctuary, as also with the intrepid Mrs. Grindle, who is like a ray of sunshine, wanting to mother and feed the young girl who has suffered so much.When she meets a stranger, Michael, who is the spitting image of her husband, Mark, her heart skips a beat in panic. The story twists and turns in most interesting ways, keeping the reader wondering as Cathy tries to come to terms with new relationships, which make her feel happy and secure. She concentrates on her own talents, so that she can make a living, all the while overwhelmed by feelings she has never felt before. One evocative line talks of how &#8220;hope was starting to grow inside her, a timid, light green shoot reaching a slim arm out of the soil and into the sunlight&#8221;.What happens when Mark and Michael come face to face?  What are the conflicts that have marred Michael&#8217;s past, and threaten to undermine his present as well? Has Cathy made an error in judgment all over again? Numerous questions tickle the mind of the readers, as events meander by.Devika has a real flair for choosing the right words and phrases to embellish the romance in her story. Never ever is there a moment when the reader feels disappointed in her style, for it remains consistently beautiful and easy to read. There is an innocence in the narrative that tugs at one&#8217;s heartstrings, and an old world charm that is missing in most modern books. It is also a story of progression, as Cathy grows stronger as a person, losing her vulnerability and low self esteem, as she finds herself able to live an independent and fulfilling life.The cover of the book exemplifies the serenity and the deep love within the hearts of the characters. If you love romance, do read &#8216;When I see your Face&#8217;! If you enjoy a twist in your tale, stretch your hand out and pick this book up! And finally, if you want to read something that makes you feel warm and happy inside, this is definitely the book for you!