I recently purchased a head unit for my car, and was excited to get a stereo back into it, as I had not had a car for about 5 years while I was in college, and really missed the years of owning car and having a nice stereo with a sub. It was like my rolling sanctuary, and I wanted that back. I ended up getting a 12" L5 solobaric sub, based on the praise it got, and the apparent hype surrounding it. The price of the sub fooled me into thinking that it MUST be good. I thought I lucked out getting the sub and a custom ported box for $200.00 on craigslist. The box was huge and built very well. I hooked it up to the cheapo 1200 watt Sound Xtreme amp I had laying around, and was immediatley dissapointed. The bass was just not at all what I was hoping it would be, or would be able to tolerate very long. It was incredibly boomy. It missed many notes in my rock music, as well as a solid portion of my hip hop. For my bassnectar and similar music it rocked. It absolutely pounded. But in the end, it was really only great with that 1 type of music. Playing with the amp and adjusting the gain was pointless, as even on very low settings, it was just wayy too much.  The bass was much too loud for various songs. Some songs sounded fine, some sounded like crud, and some just sounded OFF, wayy to much bass at wrong times, and the sub was unable to fully reproduce all of the different frequencies my music required of it. I did much research over the next few days. Trying to determine how I could get the sound I was after. I read lots of different opinions, wildly different from the next. The worst part was that the people advising all seemed fairly credible, and trustworthy. Yet they all offered different advice, none of which panned out. In the end, I listened to my gut, and decided to purchase a new sub. This time, a round 12", or possibly a 10", and also this time, a sealed box. Ported boxes just don't cut it for me. They don't deliver that tight accurate bass that I absolutely crave.I spent about 1.5 weeks scouring the web, reading, comparing prices, listening to advice. I decided in the end that I would suck it up, and buy something that pretty much guaranteed me the results I was after. A JL audio 12" sub, (12w3 or better) and a sealed box. I was just about to order those 2 things, for the price of about 230.00 after shipping. While I was adding the item to my cart, checking one last time that I had the right sub with the right specs, I accidently clicked a link for the Infinity 1262w. I immeditley realized I had totally forgotten about this company. And I reminisced about my first sub, a 10" infinity, and how lovely it sounded, and how long it lasted. I saw the price was only $65.00 so immeditley I assumed this was low end gear, and that maybe this was infinity's budget line, on par with the likes of Sony, or Walmart Pioneer subs. Just for giggles,  I decided to check out the reviews, and see what people thought... at 4.5 stars, they must have been pleased. What I found shocked me. The reviews were so overwhelmingly positive, so I set out to find any and all discussion or literature about this sub. Each thing I found was better than the last. Outrageous claims about this sub blowing away top end $200.00 - $400.00 subs. On a handful of occasions, people compared this sub to the JL 10w7,time after time they seemed to favor the 1262w. Instead of being called out as being full of it, they were consistently backed up, and multiple people genuinely agreed. I simply couldn't believe it.I had free 2 day shipping, and 40 bucks in amazon credit, so I said what the heck, and decided to take the chance. I picked up this sub and the reccomended 1.25 cu foot scosche box for $95.00 shipped 2 day air. I hooked this sub up to my same cheapo amp, and wired it to use both voice coils, and I believe it is running @ 2 ohm. IT SLAMS. All music. Any genre. It sounds so amazing, I am absolutely stunned. It gave me exactly what I wanted, and also manged to give me even more than I was hoping for.TL;DR - Just because this sub is $65.00 does not mean it has sacrificed quality for the sake of affordability. Somehow, infinity manages to consistently put out extremely high quality products, and a cost that is not just affordable, but almost discouragingly cheap. I don't get it. I don't know how they do it. I don't understand how there is sooo much crap out there... Countless brands who have become irrelevant over the years for following the same path. The path to Walmart. Sacrificing quality every time in order to be cheap enough to sell mass quantities. Well, let me assure you, Infinity does not have the same problem, and seems to be the only company in the entire Car Audio game that will not succumb to that fate. Long Live Infinity!!