I have the Acer Aspire 7741G model with Core i5 (2.66 GHz), 6 Gb of RAM, 640 GB HDD and AMD Radeon HD 6550M. (It's the brother of this model)I bought this computer about 2 years ago. I'VE DID EVERYTHING WITH IT. I've even installed Mac OS X on it and IT WORKED.I am an architecture student and a freelance designer, so i need to run HEAVY software. AutoCAD, Photoshop, Illustrator, video editing, etc... it handles them like a charm! For multitasking, it's a great computer.For gaming... well, let's just say IT CAN handle new games (gta 4, assassins creed 1 to 3, COD MW 3 etc.) with no problems and graphics settings quite high, BUT it OVERHEATS... After some point, it "black outs" (shuts down and can't turn on for about 10 mins) for the heat. I've heard some people use cooling pads, but I haven't tried them yet.One thing i hate is the battery life... It's horrible! I can't even watch a full movie without recharging (in energy saving mode), but for me it's not a great problem. I almost always use it on a desk, so i really don't care that much.Anyway, in the long run, it's a pretty reliable machine. Only problem I had was with the HDD which was damaged (after i installed Mac OS and Win 7, and Mac OS and Win 7 for about 20 times). Most likely because of the repeated formats of the drive.THIS REMINDS ME I HAVE TO ADVICE EVERYONE ABOUT ONE THING: ALWAYS STORE YOUR IMPORTANT DATA ON AN EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE.I've learned my lesson when my first laptop crashed and i lost everything... Now for the grand finale.Pros & Cons for this bad boy:PRO: very fast processor, good screen, full keyboard, reliable*, lots of memory, very decent graphics (for a laptop), will still give you at least a couple more years of good use.CON: LAME BATTERY LIFE, keyboard build**, needs more USB ports, build quality (made of cheap plastic... i'm always afraid to break it when i have to take it outside), design**** if you don't abuse it like i did** although i love a full keyboard, the type on this model it's awful. The perfect keyboard type is on the mac book pro's or the sony vaio's.*** i prefer other designs, but this is not the worse i've seen. Also, i don't like the back lid texture because my stickers don't stick very well. lol