Fellow law students (also medical, engineering....anyone who spends their days reading out of giant books), this is the book stand for you.I'm not much of a reviewer usually, but this has totally changed my life so I couldn't help myself.Pros:No more stiff neck...worth the purchase on this point alone.Makes typing while reading, which used to be a time suck of shifting books and looking around, as simple as could be.Now this is true of any book stand, so why this one?- 1st of all, sturdy as can be AND tiny. No trade off here. Can hold even my biggest textbook (I'm looking at you, Cherminsky).-The clamps are really sturdy, but easy enough to move out of the way for turning pages, so no additional time wasted there.-Like I said...it's small. Smaller than I expected, so I was a little nervous, but it does all it claims to do and takes up less space doing it.-The adjustable back is great. Never realized how useful it would be to be able to change the slant depending where I was using it. Even found the appropriate angle for reading in bed, which was an unexpected benefit.Cons:You may have noticed that I only awarded four stars even though I can't stop rambling about how great this product is. As much as I love it, there are just a couple more things I would look for in my ideal book stand:- First, portability. Yes, this is small, but something foldable would be better for taking along to the library with me. Most of the foldable stands out there can't hold paperbacks and aren't adjustable, but a stand just like this that you could fold up and toss in your bag would be great. Wishful thinking? Sure. But the heart wants what it wants.-Second, with a bigger book (still got my eye right on you, Cherminsky), it's hard enough to use this when you're too close to one end of the book that I just don't use it at all. Basically, with most of the pages on one side the clamp can't hold it in place. Yes I'm talking about 1,000 pages, but since the clamp slides to hold almost any size anyway, I don't think there's any reason it couldn't be a little larger.TL;DR: I love this book stand... if you need one, buy this one. Totally adjustable, small, sturdy and useful. Love you, Actto!