Right off the bat...This one gets 5 FIVE STARS.  I'd give it 10 of 10 if I could.Ok now on on to my review of this knife:While this is the first "name brand" folding knife I've ever bought, I've carried an EDC folding blade on me for years. I own a Cold Steel SRK fixed blade, and I love that knife. It's my hunting/camping/survival knife. And I own a Schrade SCHF10, which I also love.  But when it comes to folders...I've always bought the no-name, use it/break it, or lose it, then throw it away knives.  Usually whatever looks good at my local hardware store, or gun shop.  With that being said, I currently own maybe 8-10 different no-name folders (all under $20 bucks) that I have rotated in and out of my EDC gear and I have maybe 2 that I like, and that actually work in my system. The one I've been carrying the most over the last 2 years has been a Tac-Force Karambit style blade ($15 bucks).  I've dropped that thing in the mud, used it in a river, dropped it from a ladder about 20' off the ground, abused it in the rain, and it's been good, but it's seen it's better days, and it's not much in terms of a slicer.So in my search for a replacement, I started to think about getting something with a little better quality. If I add up all those $10-15-18-20 dollar knives...I could have 3 or 4 really GOOD blades! I probably won't buy a Benchmark or any other knife over a hundred bucks...I just don't have the need or budget for one like that.  BUT... this Spyderco fit my budget (UNDER $50 bucks), useage, and my EDC needs perfectly so I bought it...  And I'm glad I did! On this purchase, I researched all kinds of knives and steel types before making my choice.  And for the money...the Spyderco Tenacious is hard to beat.  Yes, there are tons of good quality knives at this same price range, but then I believe it just comes down to personal preference. I narrowed my search down to Spyderco and the SOG Flash 2 (they're both about the same price), but chose the Tenacious because I've always been drawn to that cool blade shape with the hole in it!  (I WILL buy that SOG soon!)I live in Hawaii so we are exposed to salt air and water on a regular basis.  I don't plan on diving with my knife, but I needed a blade with steel and internals that was going to have some corrosion resistance. I wanted something I could use as a back up on a hunt, camping, or to cut boxes at work.  I also needed this to be a regular EDC blade, and I wanted to stay away from the tactical look, and get more of a gentleman's carry that's still agressive enough looking.  What I wanted was something high speed, lightweight, strong, durable, and of course...some good looks never hurt nobody! I found it in the Spyderco Tenacious!-The G10 scales are grippy enough..but not overly so.  Just right, in my opinion.-I like the blade.  It is a little thin towards the tip, but it's nothing I'll worry about. I personally prefer the plain edge vs. the combo edge.  I also prefer the FFG (full flat grind) blade.  It's just my own preference. I think the 8Cr13MoV steel is a high enough quality...again, at least for my personal requirements.-NO blade play when the knife is open.  None at ALL. Up/down, side to side...nothing.  I've seen reviews of people saying there was some in their knives, but none in mine. When closed, the blade sits dead centered. I've also seen reviews with people saying their blades were off-centered, mine was not one of those.-Ergo: Feels good in my hand. Nice jimping at the top.  Nice big hole to slide my thumb in to open.  Opens quickly enough.  Not as fast as my Tac Force assisted opening Karambit, or my buddy's SOG Aegis 2 assisted opener...but good nonetheless, with a solid "Thwackk" upon lock-up.  I LIKE that!-Clip is a bit tight, but not a deal breaker.  I like that I can change it to a tip up carry as opposed to tip down, as it comes from the factory.-The liner lock looks very strong.  Nice tight lock up when deployed.  I like that not only can I open the blade with one hand, but I can also press the liner lock, and close the blade with one hand as well.-The BEST thing I like about this knife is the Foilage Green handles!  I wish the blade was black with the green handles...but again, not a deal breaker at all. The green is sweet! Pic's online don't do it any justice.  It's not a bright green at all. But not a dark OD Green either.  As I said, I wanted something that wasn't SO TACTICAL. My Streamlight ProTAC flashlight is black tactical, same as my Tac Force karambit, AND my SOG multi-tool!  I just wanted to tone down the Tactical Operator look of my EDC.  The foilage green makes this knife less imposing, in my opinion.-And finally...it was super sharp right out of the box! I ran it on a ceramic sharpener when I got it just to take off some of the burrs...but VERY sharp.Overall I love this knife!  So much so, that I'm already looking at the Spyderco Manix 2.  THAT knife is on the higher end of my budget, I'm trying to stay under the $50 mark for my EDC blades, but I might make the exception for the Manix 2 (AFTER I buy the SOG Flash 2!!) Here's something I don't get: I've seen tons of reviews here (just click on all the 1 or 2 star reviews) that talk about how bad this knife is or how it pales in comparison to other brands, or even other Spyderco knives.  Here's my thing: Hell, if you were expecting to get the same quality as an Endura or Paramilitary...why didn't you just buy THAT??!  This is a $36 dollar BUDGET Spyderco.  Review it for what it is.  A blade made in China, that is in their budget line of knives. And to that end...it's a GREAT blade for the price. But back to my Spyderco Tenacious in foilage green.  Great price, great knife!Buy it, Use it, LOVE it. You won't be disappointed.  *And if you ARE...go buy a Benchmark and be happy!