If any of you watch YouTube...look up Nutnfancy's review of this light. He says it all...Originally, I was looking at either the Preon-1 or 2, or the Pro Stylus, and ended up seeing this one on the page for the Stylus here on Amazon... so I clicked on it and opened it up.  And I am glad I did!  I was looking for an EDC flashlight that was light enough to carry in my pocket every day, but wasn't going to break the bank in terms of cost, and this fits that role perfectly.  I didn't want to spend more than $30 on this light because I already have an Olight M20 Warrior, and an Olight T25 which I LOVE both...but even the T25 is a little too big for EDC (at least for me).  The Preon 1 is a twist top (to turn on/off) and I wanted a tailcap pushbutton, and that's why the Pro Stylus was my original choice. (I STILL may buy the Preon-1, because for only $32 bucks that thing looks like a powerhouse of a mini flashlight!) However, I ended up going with this one instead of the Pro Stylus due to the higher lumens and it has a high/low/strobe function, which the Pro Stylus does not.  And in comparison to the Preon-1, this was a little bigger, and I didn't want to lose the small Preon.And wow...this thing is awesome for such a little pkg.Pro's (for me):Good amount of light: 80 lumens on high, 10 on low.Lightweight.  I barely notice it's there.O-rings for water resistance. (I think it says it's waterproof down to 3-5 meters or something like that, but I don't intend on diving with it, so that's fine.)Good quality build.Good price: $29 bucks on Amazon, but I've seen it for less elsewhere.I like that it uses AAA batteries, which are readily available anywhere. (There is a AA version of this light as well, if you want a little bigger version!)Con's:I wish the clip was a little higher, so it rides deeper in my pocket.  So I don't lose it.The tailcap button is hard to press.  But I'm finding I might like that so it doesn't accidently get turned on in my pocket or bag.I wish it came in other colors: metallic orange, blue, green, etc.  Then it's easer to find in a dark bag at night.I wish the high/low beams were right next to each other, instead of it being: Hight (single click), Strobe (double click), and Low (triple click).  Put the low before strobe!  I'm sure there is some reason for that.  But it's not a deal breaker by any means.It fits in my pocket right next to my Spydeco Tenacious just fine.  It's about the size of a fat sharpie pen and I barely notice it's there.  In fact since I started carrying it, I have to reach down once in a while to feel if it's still there!So here's what I did at home when I first got it.  I pulled out my large Maglite, my Olight T25, and a no name Asian brand LED light I bought here on Amazon for 4 bucks (I didn't bother bringing out the M20 because that thing is a beast. I turned all the lights out in my living room and tested them by shining them on the ceiling one at a time.  The Maglite and T25 have fairly new batteries, and the little LED has never been used.  So the T25 was brightest, the no-name LED was dead last...and this little Streamlight beat that huge Maglite! In terms of brightness, wide beam...it killed my big maglite! I took my new ProTAC outside and shined it out to where my dogs are (about 20m) and it lit up the whole area.  I don't think it throws 80m as advertised...but it sure does put out a lot of light.If you're looking for a good quality, high lumen EDC light that won't break the bank...this IS IT. Buy it. Carry it.  Love it.  You'll be glad you did.UPDATE:Last night after a gig (I moonlight as a musician) I was walking out along the back of the hotel I was at, back to the parking lot and remembered I had my ProTAC in my pocket, so I pulled it out to test it. It was really dark, almost pitch black, and I must say, this light really lit up the entire area.  So I'll take back what I said above...this light lit up a couple trash cans and boxes that were out at least 60m from where I was!  I shined it down this really long maintenance pathway, and it lit the whole area.  I am impressed more than I was before. If you're looking at the Pro Stylus, take a look at this light as well.  It's a little bigger diameter-wise...but well worth it in my opinion. 10 out of 5 stars!