Throw all my favorite Disney movies in a mixer, add the talents of a great writer and some dystopian dust (you know, like fairy dust. Haha.), mix it up and voila! I got myself a brand favorite book of the year that makes my inner child come to life again (aka run around screaming with her arms in the air in a pink princess dress and a fake crown on her head). Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you: THE SELECTION!"I hope you find someone you can't live without.I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them."I think it's obvious already that I loved this book. In case it wasn't, well, I did. I do. I love the story and the characters and everything about it! America is such a great main character, someone I could relate to in many ways. If I were to live in her world, I would be like her. A five. Only three steps up from nothing. But while she doesn't want to be a princess, I have always dreamed of it since I saw my first disney film so many years ago. I loved her and she would make a great Disney princess! (This book would be awesome as an animated Disney film, too.)Now I shall talk about the first fictional character ever I fell in love with. (Seriously I shed a tear because I knew he wasn't real. Sigh.) Of course I'm talking about Maxon. He's so... Maxon. Sigh again. Maxon.Okay moving on. Aspen. I loved him at first. So romantic and loving and caring and then... a complete stupid douchebag. I hate him.Speaking of hating someone... I hated Celeste. She's so mean and stuck up and bleh. But I loved Marlee and May and all the other characters!As I said, I loved this story. We got to know America while the story builds in the beginning until the inevitable moment she gets chosen for The Selection. She stays true to who she is and never forgot where she came from, another thing I loved about her by the way. She's different from the other girls in many ways and refuses to change for anyone. I loved how the relationship between her and Maxon grew along with the story and I fell for Maxon along with America. And when they kissed my inner child was so happy she fainted. Yes, that happens.But not everything is rainbows and sunshine in the palace. There are these rebels, what their purpose is we have yet to find out, who form a threat to the royal family and I liked that. That's what gives it an extra dystopian touch. But life goes on in the palace and I loved every part of it! Until that douchebag Aspen came back into the story and messed things up again. I hope for him that he doesn't mess things up in the next book or else... Well not much he is a fictional character so I can't do much... But if he were real, I would kick is ass. For sure.So in the end, this book is everything I hoped it would be and more. I can't wait to start the sequel (luckily I don't have to since I just got a copy from Netgalley, yay!). Great job Kiera! I LOVE YOU!