Well... I regret reading this book now. Because now I probably have to wait way to long for the sequel! That's just mean! I want it! I want it now!*Ahem* I guess you could say that I liked this book. No actually I didn't like it. I loved it! It was everything I hoped it to be and more! So So So SOOOOO AWESOME!The story starts almost right after the first book and the characters I fell in love with (some more than I should) or grew to hate so much (*cough*Celeste*cough*) are still here and I'm sooo happy! In this book we learn more about the history of the land through Diaries from Gregory Illea and we see a bit of a darker side of it. We get to know the King and Queen more in this book, which was awesome. I love Queen Amberly, she's so nice! But I hate the King. I really do. Almost as much as I hate Celeste, that *peeeeep*. Bleh.America is still awesome, even though maybe a little more emotional in this one. I get that I was too. I was so torn and I am just reading the book. If I were America, I would be crying all the time. But she is still true to herself and never forgets were she comes from and she isn't afraid to fight for what she thinks is right. And I'm glad she has support from some people in the palace. Now why is she so torn? Guys of course...Maxon... Sigh. My emotions were scrambled up good in this book, and that's mainly because of him. First I still love him, than I don't like him so much, than I do, than I hate him, and in the end I loved him again. Yeesh... I mean... I get that he needs to find a wife, but if he really loves America, like he says, why kissing those other girls? Okay yeah, sometimes America is to blaim for that one to because she pushes him away constantly (something I don't understand by the way... I would never push him away), but come on Maxon... Kissing Celeste? Seriously? If I could I would kick you right in your royal parts. But I can't stay mad at him for long, so...And then there's Aspen. Yeah he's a douchebag but at least he is a one-woman kind of guy and he fights for America. Something I admire. And it's romantic... So you see why America is so torn? I certainly am... But I still think I'm team Maxon.Oh and I love her dad! He made me cry quite a bit in this book with those letters he wrote to America. Wish I had a dad like that.And Marlee... I'm soooo not going to talk about her. I'll cry again.So yeah, this was awesome. I loved it. I want the sequel.