Oh my god... This book was incredible. A truly compelling story with fascinating creatures, realistic characters and a mind-blowing romance. And really the only thing that I didn't like was the big info dumps you get sometimes but I'm willing to look past that just for Ink. Sigh. My Ink.Normally this is the part where I give a short summary of the story but with this book I can't do that without telling you the whole thing and make it one giant spoiler. So I'm going to skip that part just to talk about the book itself. First off all, great writing. Dawn managed to suck me in right from the first page and she didn't let me go until the book was finished. Even now, an hour after finishing it, I'm still in the story with my head. It was so fascinating and wonderful. I love this book. But like I said, I got some big info dumps and while it was all very interesting and I wanted to know more the first time, but after a few of those dumps, I was kinda like... "Hmm. Okay. So when am I going to get more of Ink and Joy?"Ink and Joy. God, I love those two. They were so compelling and realistic and just awesome. Their relationship was a bit bumpy at the beginning, no wonder if you see how it started. Joy gets sucked into his world without even realizing what is going on just because of a mistake Ink made. And nobody else can see him so that makes it all the more complicated. But you feel the tension between them and after a while, I felt tense too every time there was a scene were they were so close to the romance-part. I waited long for the real romancy stuff to kick in and when it did... I felt like I was melting inside with the tension and everything. I constantly felt like I was about to faint when Ink and Joy were together. I felt lightheaded and compelled and it took my breath away every single time.I loved Joy. She handled all this in a way that I can relate too. And she has some serious family stuff to deal with next to all that mysterious stuff. She was nice to read about and she's a fun main-character. And Ink. God... He was so compelling and I had a strange connection with him. Weird to say, but I did. He was such an amazing character and it was so interesting to see him learning to feel like a human and I felt for him. It wasn't hard to like him. Same with his sister, Inq and Joy's friend Monica. And her dad. He's such a great dad.And then the end. The last 40 something pages. Ooooh my god I was on the edge of my seat screaming and getting heart attacks and asthma and everything. And again, Ink and Joy... Swoon, Sigh, Faint, Die. I still feel tense.Now this is a book where I wouldn't have minded if there was insta-love. I would've understood it 100% just because of Ink. But I loved the tension and everything. I loved the feels I got from this book. So I recommend it to everyone. This is an amazing book. It really is.