So a guy who hunts and kills murderous ghosts with an athame and travels from city to city with is witchy mom and scary cat. Yeah, this guy reminded me of someone I know from TV... Dean Winchester?Exactly. But I didn't mind. Not at all. Because I really loved this book. I really really did. It was way better then I expected. I haven't read much horror stories before. Thrillers, detectives, ... Books like that I've read. But never something like this. This book was scary, sweet, heartbreaking, gross and scary again. It made me sit at the edge of my seat clinging to my eReader. It hooked me and I couldn't shake it off. I was thinking about it when I was trying to sleep. I'll have to start reading another book and even then I'll still be thinking about it. That's how good this was. (And scary. And gross.)Come on, be honest. That's enough to make a person curious about the book and that's just one sentence! This book starts of with a bang. A scary and gross bang, but still a bang. It had my attention immediately. It builds up and even breaks your heart sometimes. It definitely isn't a story for the faint hearted. So if you're easily scared and don't like gross details, don't read this book because it has a lot of gross and scary parts. Seriously. Gross, scary, what-was-the-author-thinking parts. And the ending... Geesh... The ending. It broke my heart again.Now the characters. Like I said, Cas really reminded me of one Dean Winchester, but that is not a bad thing. Cas is badass, sweet, caring, funny and he isn't perfect not at all. He is insecure and scared sometimes. Of course he is. And I really love him for that. And I love his mom. She's not just another random character. She really brings something to the story and she is so cool! Oh and I have to say that I love Thomas and Carmel too. They are the first real friends Cas gets in his life and I really like them. They too, mean something in this story. I love this book for that. No characters just to fill up gaps. Every character means something!And yes, I'm going to talk about her to. Anna. Anna dressed in blood. I'm not going to give away anything about her story, you'll have to read the book for that. But it broke my heart. I love Anna and I feel sorry for what happened to her, even tough I had nothing to do with it and it didn't even really happen.So if you love these kinds of books, you'll certainly love this one. If you're still not sure wether or not to read it, I'd give it a try if I were you. It's worth it. It really is.