Surah and Charlie are the main characters here and they live in the world from The Alexa Montgomery Saga (which I really recommend by the way) and their story is set after the events from those books. That is just one thing that makes this book awesome. My expectations were really high for this one. H.D. did an amazing job on Alexa's story and I didn't think she could live up to that. I hoped for it, but I didn't think she would. And she didn't let me down. This book is beyond awesome.At first, Surah reminded me of Jasmine (you know, from Aladdin). She was a princess that didn't want to be a princess anymore with a huge tiger as a pet and best friend and she falls in love with a common boy. So I guess Charlie is kind of like Aladdin too. But Jasmine didn't have lavender hair and eyes and cool magic powers and she wasn't hundreds of years old. Surah is one kickass heroine. She can kick some as but at the same time, she struggles with the doubts within herself. Will she be what her father expects her to be? Or will she go her own way?Charlie was so cute and sweet! He has been in love with Surah for years. (Centuries actually.) He even wrote a song for her! Gosh, I want my own Charlie. *swoon*Do I even have to tell you how awesome Samson is? No. You know he is, even if you haven't read the book yet.I don't like Michael, he's an ass and for some reason I don't like Theo either. I just have a bad feeling about that guy.This story doesn't have a slow start. H.D.'s books never really have. She doesn't wait to start the action, she just does it. I love her so much. She is such an incredible writer and an amazing storyteller. She has a way with words that I can't describe. Every time I finish a book, I just sit in my chair for a moment. Speechless.On of the best things of this book? The romance. There is no insta-love here! Not at all. Charlie and Surah have been in love with each other for centuries (even though they have a hard time admitting that). I wouldn't exactly call that insta-love, would you? They are so sweet together and when Charlie sang that song to Surah, the hopeless romantic in me rejoiced.So long story short, this book is great. The world, the characters, the story. It is everything I wanted and more. Much more. Thank you H.D. for yet another amazing book. And hurry up on the sequel, please?