2.5 starsWell... I'm sad to say this but I'm so happy I finished this book because I didn't think I'd make it through it. I didn't like it that much. There were some good elements, but for the most part I was frustrated, annoyed and bored. And I'll explain why.This book is about Hailey. Hailey has been famous and in the spotlight for as long as she can remember. But she's getting tired off all that. So she's going to college. Start over. But that's easier said than done. Classes are harder than she thought they'd be and her mother is determined to ruin her life because of her choice to leave Hollywood. And there's Caleb Fox, the guy she never expected. He doesn't want her for her fame, he just wants her. And Hailey isn't sure if she can give him what he wants. And what if he finds out the one secret the tabloids don't know yet? Will he still be there?First the bad things. Get it over with.1) I didn't like the writing that much. It was pretty simple and there were a lot of cliche things in the story. And some of the things the characters said were just... No. Just no. I can compare it to the writing in Fifty Shades. Not exactly the best I've ever seen.2) Hailey was SO annoying! Most of the time I was thinking: `Why do you have to be that way? Seriously! Why???' Whenever someone wants to be friends with her, she immediately thinks they want that because they're famous. Yeesh. And when she walks into a room at school she's like: `Oh hey nobody stops and stares. That's weird.' Again... No. Just no. On top of that, in the blurb they mention some secret and I thought it would be something big that would make the story a whole lot better but when I read what it was... I was banging my head against the table. Such a stupid stupid thing. Why would anybody hate you for that? It's not like you're the only one in the world to have done that. Seriously. NO. That's all I'm going to say about her for now.3) The insta-love. Well not really love but they do have an instant attraction to each other and even before talking to each other, they NEED to have the other person. They just NEED to kiss and all that. Yeah... Also a no for me.Now the good.1) I actually liked Caleb. He was a sweet guy and cares for Hailey (even though I wouldn't understand why...) And I liked most of the other characters too. Griff may be my soulmate.2) The story itself wasn't that bad. If the writing had been better, I probably would have liked the book a lot more. And Hailey too.Okay that's it for this review. I'm sorry I didn't like it, but hey that's the way it is sometimes.