Wow. I really hoped I would like this book because it's just in my wheel house with the elemental stuff. But you know what? I didn't like this book. Not at all. I F-ing LOVED it! YES you read that right. I just gave 5 stars to a dystopian novel. And everyone who knows me knows that that is pretty rare. Just as rare as someone calling 50 Shades a literary masterpiece.So this is your basic dystopian world (not really). The world is in ruins after a lot of shit has happened and now people live in domes all across the world. It's only safe in those domes and even there life is hard. Avery lives in Dome Four. She's one of the Elementalists, one of the best. She generates steam for the dome. Without steam, no oxygen, no electricity, nothing. But Avery feels more like a pawn than an Elite. And when a man called Riggs offers her a way out, offers her freedom, it's hard to resist. But even there, nothing is what it seems. Even there where she's supposed to be free, are lies.I loved the story. Next to the obvious reason with the elements, it's just a good dystopian book. The writing was really good. I can't really describe it, it just was so fun and nice reading this book. Megan Curd has a very good style of writing. Everything plays like a movie in my head and I love that. The worldbuilding is great. It's not so much you get bored, but not so little you don't understand a thing either. It's just enough and it's great. I got sucked into this story right away. And I just loooove when that happens.Now I've got to talk about some of the characters. Not all of them because of spoilers, but some of them. First off, Avery. Man I love her. She's got some serious spunk. Talk about a kick-ass main character. She's awesome. I loved Alice too. She may seem like a shy and quiet girl, but she's not. She's cool and I like her. Sari too, she's cool. Also pretty kick-ass. And Legs. He's funny and I love him too. And Jaxon. My god. I have a new book boyfriend. Damn.I can't talk about any of the other characters because I would spoil the whole book if I did. And I don't roll that way.Would I read this book again? Hells yeah. Will I read the sequels? Hells yeah. Would I recommend it to anyone? You betcha.This book is perfect for fans of the dystopian genre. Even fans of fantasy will like/love this book. If you're a fan of books with elemental stuff like me, you'll really love this book. So read it. Like... now.