3.5 starsI'm surprised to say that I really liked this book! It was a pretty cool and original concept and it worked out well. I found a few typos, but they didn't bother me that much. Kimberly gives her own spin on mermaids and sirens and mixed that with some cool action, fantastic underwater scenes and a passionate romance.Waterborn is about Caris. She just moved to a little town near the sea from Kentucky with her dad and she can't help but feel different here. Like the sea is calling her. And then she meets Noah, not knowing what he is. Noah is a waterbreather and he hears Caris' song in his head and he can't help but feel attracted to her. Soon enough, Caris finds out what and who she is. But is that really who she wants to be?The writing in this book was very good. I couldn't put this book down once I picked it up. I was pulled into Caris' world and wanted to find the answers to her questions just as much as she did. The story was cool and I got just the right amount of action and in the end my questions were answered. The romance was so sweet and passionate at the same time, I couldn't get enough of it.But despite the fact that there was some action, I never felt like it was enough. I kept waiting for something big, but it never really happened. And that took a bit from the story for me. I wanted more.I really liked Caris, she was a cool main character, but sometimes she annoyed me quite a bit. I can't even tell you why because I don't know. Maybe the way she acted around Noah in the beginning? And I liked Noah, he was sweet and he had some issues to deal with. And I got that. And it wasn't really insta-love between him and Caris because of the whole siren-song thing. I didn't like Sol and Pax, obviously. I loved Maggie and Erin and Caris' dad. I'm a bit conflicted about Athen, though. I'm not sure if I should like him or hate him.Overall, this is a good mermaid-ish story. Kimberly gave her own spin on it all and that was pretty cool but I finished the book wanting more. So yes, I have yet to find a book in this genre that completely blows my socks off. But I do recommend it, maybe you like it more than I did.