Most people would say that love is very important in their life and relationship, but how many people really know what love is? Most people don't even have any idea how to love themselves and they already try to love others. Most people are trained how to love by their parents, surroundings and most people don't even realize that the real intimacy of two souls starts in a much different place and proceeds in a much different way!I believe that discovering yourself should be the main task in any person's life! And Paulo Coelho is a master at writing great novels on this topic. It's his second book that I've got a chance to read and I am really very happy that I did so. As I loved The Alchemist, I loved this book even more, but I still think that you should read The Alchemist first!This book caught my attention from the start and I couldn't wait to see what will happen going further through the pages. Every page of the book got my attention until the book was finished. Author touches many interesting themes in this book like love, marriage, fame, obsession, transformation, loss, discovery and journey into yourself. I was really impressed on author's point of view about love in this book. This book even could be read as an amazing and dramatic love story with a happy ending. It could also be read as a discovery of yourself, transformation of human soul. Or it could be read as everything mentioned above. That's the beauty of this story, it is not just a nice love story, but it's also a very deep and philosophical analysis of human behavior and soul.The main line of the book is about the main character who is looking for his lost wife. The story starts from him being arrested for suspicion of being related to his wife's disappearance. The rest of the book is a journey of a great search for his wife. It just a very short description of the book, but everything is more complicated. It's not just a journey to find his wife, it's a journey to discover the real himself as well. The journey into realizing real love, attraction and real intimacy of two souls.I would greatly encourage everyone to read this book. It doesn't matter if you are single, married, divorced or living together for 20 boring (or maybe exciting) years. I believe, that if you read this book with open heart, you will find a lot of spices to make your life and relationship more wonderful than you could have imagined before.So, what is your Zahir?