Amazingly shocking and mind-blowing! Masterpiece that you won't forget for a long time! Very futuristic look at the utopian society, technologies and lifestyle. This book really blow me away! It immediately became my favorite novel I've ever read.Brave New World takes us to a very far future, even though it was written about 80 year ago. Aldous Huxley really made a fantastic work, which I was so much surprised and amazed to read. This book got my attention from the start and I couldn't put it away till the end. Life and society are much different in Brave New World. They live by different mindset, values, purpose and meaning than we do in today world (or it just might look like so from the first sight). Everything is based on the idea that everyone belongs to everyone else and happiness is the main priority which should be gotten right now.First of all, people are born artificially and divided into the groups. There are 5 castes in New World's society: alpha, beta, gamma, delta and epsilon. You might understand that alphas are the highest and epsilons are the lowest caste. The main beauty of that is that all society lives in peace and happiness and that is achieved by shaping mindset from the embryo. So everybody is happy at their positions and never thinks about any other opportunities. Artificial drug helps everyone always be happy despite any bad situations. There are no relationships, families or any other factors that might disturb the order. There it is vulgar and unethical to have only one partner.Such life might seem very amoral for many people, but as I said before it just seems different and unacceptable for our world. As I wrote in my previous review about 1984's, it's just a mask, matrix. Look deeper and you will see that our society is not much different. Starting from marriages, most people do that and it's almost never permanent not even including cheats on partners (I mean that cheating is end of the marriage already). Agree? You should. Furthermore, let's take castes. In our world most people think that they have a choice. The true is they don't. Yes, actually everyone has a choice, theoretically, but practically not. Just take an example of riches's children becoming rich and broke's children becoming broke. It's not because of any other conditions or circumstances, but the programming parent's give to their children. So here we have a choice, but everything starts from teacher giving right lessons to the student. So, if you have a successful mindset, you will pass it on through many generations and will get alphas. If not, you will get epsilon generations. I don't want to be mean, just trying to get your attention that everything is possible you just need to start from yourself and there is no time for laziness or any excuses. Let's take one more aspect from the book, like "I want now and here to get and be happy". What can you say about our society? It's mostly the same. Most people do something small or worthless now to satisfy some needs not thinking much about the result in the future. I hear a lot "I want this now, I need this now" and something really important and meaningful or valuable they delay for a lifetime. The typical culture of consumerism and "fast food" (fast life). And I don't mean that it's bad, I mean that everything could be used in a good way and in a bad way. You choose!One more interesting aspect for me is the governance of the society in New World. There should always be a cowboy to supervise the herd. The role of the cowboy in this book goes to world governors. There are just couple of them who supervise all the world. They are the creators of everything and the interesting part of it, that in order to become one of them you should get out of the rat race! But before that you have to realize that there is a rat race. One of them told his story, that when he realized there is more in life, had a choice to go to the island or to train and become one of the world's governors. And the island is the place for people who want to create, explore and escape from the society they are in. All of this is just one more example to see that our world is the same. Most people are so busy with their day-to-day routines that they never realize there must be more in this life. I must say WAKE UP!!!Lastly I would like to look over technologies operating in the New World. It really surprised me that the author who wrote this book in 1931 had so futuristic vision. Mass production cloning, sleep learning, flying cars, artificial drugs with no bad feeling really surprised me.So are you alpha or epsilon? But the main question in not "what" you are, it's who you are willing to become!