Excellent and involving till the end. One of the most touching books I ever read in my life. I highly recommend it to everyone and especially to everyone who gave up on their dreams. This book will show you the way to your Personal Legend!The Alchemist involved me from the start. I read this book in one sip. Really, when I started I couldn't put it away till the last page. It might look like it's a novel, but if you read between the lines, you will notice that a novel is just a surface. What is really deep in this story is the personal journey to discover yourself and reach your dreams. I love the way Paulo Coelho presented this journey. I love to dream and reach my dreams, so all the stories about somebody having big dreams and achieving them touches me, especially this one.Santiago is the main character of the story. Actually he can represent everyone on the earth who follows his own dreams. He is just a symbol of will, persistence and victory of life. The story tells his journey to discover himself. Actually, he takes the road to follow his dreams which he saw when he was sleeping. The entire journey is a metaphoric transformation to discover yourself. I don't want to tell all the story here, but can say that everyone of us has our own journey in life. The question is do we take the road? Or do we swim with the river?This book made me understand that life consists of the journey to reach the dreams. It's not the end result that makes all the sense. It's the personal journey that makes it really mater. It's the Personal Legend that you create on the way to reaching your goals. Everything in life is really just a hand length away. The question is what length journey you have to go to see those things. You have to be ready to achieve success, otherwise it will pass through. The personal journey makes you ready when it comes. And this book has everything in it what you need to be a champion in life.So, can you read between the lines? Can you see more than just a trip to Egypt? Share your thoughts.