Genetics is nothing to blame on! If your weight shows numbers that you don't like, it's your job to reduce them. Your body is a very serious part of your life and you should treat it accordingly. Sex? Well, we all believe that we know everything, but a little more knowledge about 15 minute woman orgasm would be a great deal, don't you think so?!Timothy Ferriss is really a great author and a person who likes to analyze and experience things and later on present the conclusions to us. I haven't read his bestseller The 4-Hour Workweek yet, but when reading The 4-Hour Body you can feel that author experienced everything, what he writes about, himself. That's very interesting, because all the advices are based on experiments, experiences, tests and numbers. Timothy loves numbers and tests and I believe that's great, because most things and progresses should be measured and most of them are measured by numbers. What you need is to know what those tests and numbers mean and how to interpret them and Timothy explains everything in his book.This book is about what I would call self-performance, what includes losing fat, improving sex life, getting better sleep and seeking for other improvements in physical abilities. You should never forget that human consists of body, mind and heart (or soul) and all of these areas should be trained equally in a period of life! So this book is mostly about body, though I believe that if you are improving one area of your humanization, at certain degree the other areas are improving as well.There are many books written on dieting, exercising, building muscles, losing fat, having better sex and sleep  and so on. I believe all of them provide certain information on a subject they are written. It's not just another book on similar subjects. What I love about it the most is that Timothy tries to explain most processes happening in/to the body in an easy to understand way why you should do that. Another excellent thing is that all above mentioned topics and many more are covered in one book! Moreover, he doesn't say that you should change your personality completely to lose weight or to improve your abilities. He doesn't suggest any radical changes in your daily eating or living habits, he simply suggests what I would call an improvement. There is no easy or hard way to lose fat or improve your other body abilities. The are only few things that should be done in order to achieve your goals. And this book provides you with one of the methods. You might like it or not, but it works! Everything depends just on you. Reading the book is just 10% of the work, the rest 90% is your part in putting that knowledge in to action!I believe The 4-Hour Body will provide you with experienced information on many facilities of your physical being. It's worth reading, but just if you are going to take an action afterwards!So, do you think your body deserved at least 4 hours of excellent treatment?