Is Bill Gates who he is today because of the talent he has? Was Steve Jobs such a legendary creator because of his own persistence and visions? That's a good question that Malcolm Gladwell tries to explain in this book based on the opportunities and heritage they had in life. I have a little different opinion or maybe just an addition to his opinion what I think is very important as well!Outliers is the book about success. It's not another success story or a guide how to become successful, even though, after reading such book you can know more about success than you did before. It's a book with a lot of examples and experiments that were carried out trying to identify why some people are successful and some are not. Author tries to go deep into the surroundings that famous and successful people like Bill Gates, The Beatles, Joe Flom and others had in life. Malcolm makes an assumption that no one became successful by themselves, that the heritage and the society made those people into success stories they are. The book is full of experiments and explorations deep into those people lives, which sometimes take many generations before they were born. Author also gives us many statistics, to illustrate some of the facts about successful and not so successful people.What is more different in this book, that everything is explained based on the sequence of lucky opportunities that happened to those famous people. It's like, because of that it happened this and because of this there was a good time or personal character to do something. And like I mentioned before, sometimes it goes deep into many generations before. It might be true and I can't say contrary. Anyway, author agrees that to be successful you have to have certain character features and certain time to use opportunity. That's absolutely true. It's like starting to make a wagon for horse these days is absolute insanity when we are talking about the future of flying cars. But some time ago it was a chance. The same with character, of course you need to have certain features to become successful and author mostly says about why some people have one and other people have other features based on their background and life style. And the conclusion comes that some of them become successful and some don't.Everything there is true and I believe that couple hundred years ago not everybody had so much chances to become successful as we have now. Today really everything is possible and it doesn't depend on any character or background in the end. Yes, it depends at the start point, but the beauty of this is that we can change habits and character, because we have the information that it's possible and moreover we have methods and practices how to do so. It's possible to forgive person when he doesn't know something but it's not fair to do so when he knows the information but doesn't use it. And it's a choice to use or not, but the fact that we have it still remains. So every choice has a consequences and that's also known!Another ingredient to success story in Malcolm's book is opportunity. He talks about the opportunities that those successful people had. He admits that they were ready when the opportunity came, because they made right actions before. I agree one hundred percent with him too - you have to be ready to take an opportunity when it comes to you. And again, the beautiful thing in today world is that opportunities come very often. The problem is that most people don't see them because they are not ready or are too busy with their day-to-day routine. And to be ready is a choice of how you spend you time. Everyone has 24 hours a day, so it's just a choice what will you do during that time. Moreover, today it's possible to take or create an opportunity yourself as information is very easy accessible and everybody knows it!Considering everything that was said, it's a great book, which will help you to see success stories from a different angle. I believe it will help you to see what choices and surrounding can help you reach your goals and which won't. And as I mentioned before, the beautiful thing is that you can change and adapt yourself to become who you really want to be!So what is stopping you from success? Do you see many opportunities in life? Does your character help you?