Ever wondered why some things become so popular and others, even better, just vanish? Probably everybody who has an access to the computer on this planet saw PSY video Gangnam style and wondered how it's possible that an unknown musician became so very well known and popular in all over the world so quickly? Well, me too, and after reading this Malcolm's book I've got my answers.After reading one of Malcolm's books' called Outliers I found another called The Tipping Point. I liked his first book, so I was pretty sure that this one is going to be very interesting as well. I wasn't wrong. The book is really great because of author's style and ability to put a lot of examples and experiments into the material. That's what makes his works a little different from others what I've been recently reading.The Tipping Point tries to explain why some things (products, fashions, behavior, etc.) become like viruses and spread in amazing speed and volume and why others don't. Even it might look like an accident, it's not, everything has a logical and analytically explanation. This means that everything might be planed and done in a controlled manner. The tipping point is the point, when everything changes and becomes unstoppable viral.According to Malcolm, there are three main factors that play the main role in reaching tipping point and creating a viral effect and he explains them separately in a very understandable way. Author analyzes many cases based on viral impact what leads us to more deep understanding about the cases and the factors. After reading this book it's easier to understand how many commercials are done or marketing companies work. Not all of them are doing this successfully, but some are. It's not enough to know how to do viral effect, but it's still a good start to know that it's possible to do in a controlled manner. It's not fortune anymore, it's just some methods that are already analyzed and being implemented.Moreover, this knowledge can help in a lot of good things, because sometimes bad behavior becomes viral and the only way to stop it effectively is to know how everything works. Knowing that it's possible to spread another virus, which can neutralize the first one or simply not to let bad behavior reach tipping point and become viral.I can't wait to implement The Tipping Point knowledge into my business.Any viral thoughts:)?