I always hear people complaining about not having enough money, about having debts and how they can't do anything because of that. I'm really sorry for those people, because the biggest debt is in their heads. And the worst is that after reading this book most of them won't change anything. So for those, don't bother, skip this review and this book. But for those, who want to see what a really top class lifestyle and business means - there are 5 billion of reasons to read this book!Donald Trump is a great man. This is not the first book of his that I've got to read. He is one of those people I really admire and I believe everyone can learn a lot from this star of success.I really loved this book. First of all, it's not a tutorial on becoming rich. There is no magic or mystic in this ability. There are just certain things that can lead you to be successful and some that will never do. You choose that! Donald is the believer of hard work. I like this point of view, because nothing comes in easy way. You should understand that while reading this book.Honestly, I didn't learn anything about success from this book. Everything Trump says about success I've already read in other books. As I mentioned before, there are certain things that bring people to the dream life. All successful people use them and talk about them in their books. Just all of them do that in their own manner and from their own point of view. What I love about Donald is his point of view, how he does that.Some people might think that Trump is always praising himself. It might seem like that, but the main thing is that when you came back to the fortune from the debt of almost 10 billion dollars, you have a right to do so. Moreover, when you are creating the top class things, it's another reason to really be proud of yourself. I bet most people who say bad things about Trump are really low class and champions of excuses.Adding more to my fascination about this book, is that I saw all the greatness of creating a world-top-class buildings and other facilities. One thing is to build a small 2 floor building, another is to build a huge and marvelous skyscraper, not even talking about the quality of living inside.In one of the chapters the author describes his work week, hour by hour. It might look stupid, but if you look deeper, you will understand how successful people live and what they do (and what don't - that's very important too!). So after reading this chapter you can compare Trump's week with your week. If you are a billionaire, I believe that it will be pretty much the same. If not? You have where to improve..So, do you choose to live a top class life?