I'm so glad I got to read this book. It's absolutely amazing and mind-blowing masterpiece. I admire Randy very much and I admire him even more and more by reading more of his books or any other stuff. I can say it's absolutely must read for every human on this earth and will tell you why.This book hit on me from the very start and I have to admit that I started to write this review even though I haven't finished the book yet. That is because I really want to share my excitement about this book with you. Don't worry I will finish this review only after I will finish the book. There is not much left. The message Randy shares with us is very controversial and eye-opening. Many of you might be shocked and don't agree with the author, but that doesn't change the reality Randy want to show us. The question is why you're dumb, sick and broke? The answer lies in those pages. Everything depends on how you are going to use the information. I found this information extremely priceless and it really helped me to understand why certain things are happening in my life. Knowing this I can act and change things I don't like to create my dream future. I believe you can do the same.One part of this book tells you why most people are not happy with their lives, yet another explains what should you do or don't to fix the situation. That is the beautiful part of it. There are certain laws of wealth and prosperity that you will find in this book. Using them you have a chance to create your desire life. I loved those examples Randy gives in his book, I really love the way he does that, because every example is quite controversial and that forces you to think, and I believe this is one of the reasons this book was written. One of my favorite parts was a imaginable story about new settlers on an island after the plane crash. By reading that story you can exactly see why people are acting in a certain way in this world and what is more important is that you can make a choice, how you want to act in your own life.I can't share all my excitement about this book in this short review, because I would just have to rewrite all of it. That's not my purpose. I just can assure you that this book is one of my most valuable books ever read.Why you have to read this book? The answer is simple: because nobody want to be dumb, sick or broke. And if you struggle in any or all of these ares it might be a sigh that you don't know or understand something. And if you are good in all of those ares this book will help you to strengthen you position and belief. So there are no any excuses why you shouldn't read it, except you have already done that.