Most people wonder why certain people are successful and others are not, even though all of them are trying hard. I bet you wondered that many times as well? There is no any magic or mystery! There are certain habits that successful and effective people have and others don't. And you are able to know all of them in this one amazing book.This book was released 25 year ago and I can't believe that so many people still don't know those essential 7 habits of effectiveness and success. Anyway, it's still very great to have such book at home where you can find very valuable information about how to become highly effective in your life. And I believe many people seek that knowledge, but many might not know where to get the correct one. This book will uncover 7 essential habits for every one of you to become highly effective and successful!I've read this book twice and am really impressed with the information Stephen presents us. He believes that to become highly effective person in life you need to master 7 habits. Habits - because everything we are used to do is a habit, but not all our habits help us in life. In the beginning the author describes what a habit is and why it is important to develop them if you want to have a meaningful and successful life. That means that if you have some useless habits you will have to change them to useful ones if you want to live a better life.Latter on Covey tells what those 7 habits are. He explains what it means to be dependent, independent and what it means to be interdependent and which habit makes you reach those levels. I was really amazed by the simplicity of the information. It's very easy to start using it in everyday life, still to master those 7 habits you will need efforts, but there is only one way to become effective and successful in life.I highly recommend you to read this book if you are not as effective and successful as you want to be. Even if you think that you are successful enough I believe this book will help you to reach even higher. After reading The 7 Habits Of Highly Effective People you will see which areas needs to be improved and there are other great literature on improving any of those fields and then everything is up to you!Do you have any other advises for the effectiveness?