Find answers to some of the most interesting and important questions of how human mind works! Discover reasonable explanations to the most mystical and magical things like paranormal faculties, hypnosis, telepathic, voodoo, auras, shamans, miracles and many more.I should admit that Mind Dynamics was one of the most interesting books I've recently read. This book really gave me a lot of information on many things that are called mystical or miraculous in our society. I got many answers and still many more questions left for the future studies and readings. This book covers many such topics, but basically it's about our brain and how it works. Moreover, and what is very important, it's about how we can use that knowledge about our mind to improve our abilities and lives!Some things in our society are taken for granted and some are considered as mystics or miracles. That is just a lack of information and in most cases just a lack of knowledge, which is actually already researched at some levels and could be available for everyone. Author really made a great work on researching many of the information on such topics as voodoo, shamanism, hypnosis, self-hypnosis, suggestions, consciousness, faith, healing, miracles, autosuggestion, brain waves and many more similar phenomenons. I personally believe that all mystical phenomenons can be explained in a rational way and this book gave me very valuable information that I am not wrong.Another great thing is that this book is full of explanations and guidelines about using many techniques and methods in order to establish or improve our abilities that will definitely influence our lives. Christian gives detailed information about how to use them correctly. That is a great thing, because this book can be used practically as well.Compared to other books on human mind, Mind Dynamics is really very informative, practical, quite technical, and well historically researched. It will give you scientific explanations to many unusual phenomenons and most important it will help you to understand how and why your own mind works. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more about their own brain, who wants to improve their abilities and mostly for those who still believe in crystal ball.Do you believe in what you see or do you see what you believe in?