How good can you accomplish a task assigned to you? Ever wondered why some people simply get things done and the majority are just making themselves busy by looking for reasons not to do something? I'm sure you can find many answers to those questions by reading this short story!A Message To Garcia is a very short story written more than 100 years ago. The main purpose of it is to make you understand why there are so little people on this earth who can really accomplish the task. Most people can start or do something in some manner, but just the very few can really be trusted to finish the job without looking for excuses. The most beautiful thing about it is that everyone can choose by themselves to be that person. You don't need any native born skills or features. Actually you don't need anything extraordinary, just the right attitude which you choose by yourself! This book doesn't teach you anything, it just tries to make you think and choose your attitude.The story is relevant these days probably even more than it was 100 years ago, when it was written. Most people say that they want to get something first and only then they will do their best. I don't believe them. I saw many people, who get what they've asked for, but never do their best and probably never will. I believe that if you do your best, you will always be rewarded and I've proved that many times in my life.One of my principles in life is always to do my best whatever I do, and if I don't want or don't feel like doing my best, then I just quit that activity as fast as I can and start something where I can do my best. By reading this short story I realized that this principle was always very important despite the century people are living in. I really recommend you to read this book, not because you will be able to understand why so many people can't be trusted on tasks, but to change your own attitude and get things done immediately!Can you deliver a message to Garcia? Or will you just start questioning: why? who? where? ..?