Change your mindset, change your life. Change your living place, change your..hmm..My interpretation of this story!Russell Conwell wrote this book/story more than 100 years ago. It's one of the stories that started a self-help era of literature. The book was born after many lectures told by the author himself. The story is short and the main idea is that if you want to be happy and successful you should look for that where you are. Russell talks mostly about people or emigrants who leaves their home and searches for the happiness somewhere else.I've read this book twice, but still can't understand it exactly. I have just my own interpretation. I don't think that you should understand everything word by word, it might be dangerous. I am cosmopolitan myself, and I look at the whole world as my home. Not the country, not the city. Maybe times changed and the world became smaller (in the meaning that today we can reach any corner of the world in some hours or talk to a person anywhere in some seconds), but I personally don't believe that we should stick to the place we were born at. I believe we have a choice where to be and where to live despite of the fact where we were born. I agree with the author on the idea that it's possible to be happy and make a success in any place where you are and you don't need to look for that somewhere else, but sometimes you just want to experience the world and find some other place to live and to be happier.My interpretation is that acres of diamonds is your mind and your mindset. I think that you should change it first to be happy and successful, because if you just change the place and your mindset will stay the same, nothing really good will happen in your life. You must look into your acres of diamonds first to find the treasures held in you. Of course, changes in life, living place, country or other circumstances sometimes help you to change your mindset easier and to discover you acres of diamonds, but still it's the first thing you should deal with. And this book is one of those which will help you to change your mindset!Do you have any other interpretation of this story?!