Even though I admire Richard Branson very much, after reading this book I admire this person even more. Great man who changes the world and great book that can change your mindset and attitude towards the world. Richard is one of my teachers (through the books), and he really makes a big difference in my mind when reading all the experience this great man can provide me with. I believe, he can be a leader for many of you too!I love the way Richard Branson looks to the world and to the businesses. He is really very inspiring personality, who really has a lot of influence to my life. Business Striped Bare is not the first Richard's book I've got to read, I read almost all of his books and even had a chance to meet him. Since I've started to be interested in Richard my hunger to meet him started to grow. Now I have another dream, and it is to start some great project (business) with this amazing person and work with him together.This book really blew my mind. It's full of priceless advises which comes from experience of creating one of the biggest brands in the world - Virgin. It really opened my eyes to see more global things and to think more global. The book is distinguished into couple big chapters where Richard explains the most important parts of the business like right people, brand, trust and commitments, failures and learning from them, innovations, leadership and social responsibility. This last chapter really got my attention. I really love how Richard looks to the world from social spectrum. Even though some people might not agree with me, but this man is really changing the world into the better place. All the projects he describes in the book are really of great value (and I don't mean value in money). All the innovations Richard is trying to develop are so amazing that it really will change the face of the world in couple of years. That's where my mind stops to look at small things and tries to see big opportunities and really valuable (not just in money) things. We all can do something but after reading and understanding some of Richard's thoughts it becomes so strange to care about just any worthless thing.One of the things that really inspired me a lot was the board of old and very respectable people from the entire world. For those who have never heard of this, it's a group of people who meet to discuss the global problems of the world and none of them is politician or has any other interest except really big experience in life and a wish to make world a better place. This really made me to dream one day to be one of those people.Considering all above I can say that Business Striped Bare is a very strong book. I really recommend it to everyone who really are in business and want their business to grow big. Richard managed to create such an amazing empire and he really has so many advises which could be used to be successful. Epilogue of this book is even stronger and for the end of this review I would like to share one quote: "It's possible to choose different ways in this life, and it's extremely important to choose the right one. And like it's not enough, it's not good choice to choose nothing, because such attitude to life really ensures failure".So, tell me, what way in life do you choose?