Have you ever thought that in order to stay healthy one of the choices might be to avoid doctors and drugs as much as possible? Sounds strange, but it might be a solution! Heath is a sensitive topic and ask yourself honestly, how much do you know about it (I mean know, not imagine or have somebody else's opinion as yours)? Do you think that the goal of pharmacy industry is to help people? As a business owner I will tell you that the main goal of business is profit. Everything else might be just the second!Health is one of the most serious issues to many people. Doctors, hospitals, drugs and other health related things are very important in life for most people. The main question is how much do we really know about this sphere? And how much do we trust authorities that are in this field? Most people don't pay too much attention to their health until something goes wrong with them. And after this happens most people simply blindly trust any kind of doctor thinking that he knows what is the best for them. It might be true that most doctors should know more about health than we do, but there comes another very important question - if they are trusted so much to know what's better for us, might there be a manipulation of that knowledge? It's a very serious question that most people never ask themselves.This book is written by a man who spent many years working for the pharmacy companies and his claim is that most of those companies simply work for profits and do many evil things to achieve it. He describes his experience of doing unmoral things himself. Of course, most facts still can't be approved by the certain evidences and sometimes this story even might sound like one of conspiracy theories, but still it raises many serious questions.You might read this book and take everything as an absolute true or you can read it and take it as an absolute nonsense. It's your choice and you will have certain outcomes by making your decision. Or it is possible to read this book and make a critical thinking of what might be true and why it might be true. I personally take the information in the book more as true than as nonsense. The reason for that is that everything what I see around is more likely to claim the story than to deny it.One of the chapters is about artificially made diseases. It's not about creating physical viruses (I believe that is possible as well), it's more about creating what I call mind viruses. It's when you put a fear into society's minds about some illness and suddenly you come up with the cure for that. In such case most people get sick (mentally) and buy cure even they have never needed that if they've never knew that. And this is one of those things that I really see around by myself. Even this makes the information in the book consider more correct that incorrect. You should be blind if you don't see all those ads on TV, streets, screens of various drugs. I don't need them, but most people simply do, because they see and believe. Another question that I ask myself is what is the pharmacy industry really capable of? And what is it is just showing us?Your thoughts. Are you sick just because there is a cure for your illness?