Still interested in utopia worlds? Then this book is for you. For me? No, thank you. Utopia books make me wanna shout "wake up"!The more I read about utopia societies, the more I love this world and the more it seems to be the best world to live in. Just finished reading the book The City Of The Sun by Tommaso Campanella and it really seems like a copy of Utopia by Thomas More, which I read couple months ago. The style of writing and the way author express himself through the material is very interesting considering the century it was written. Though, Tommaso was absolutely familiar with the More's treatise Utopia, and the style of both books is similar not accidentally. Sincerely, I like the "original" Utopia more.If you still don't consider our world to be utopia and still dreaming about living in those fiction utopias it's a great book for you to read. What really made me think reading this book is that Tommaso builds his City of the Sun on the society he actually lived in. It seems that utopia is just what actually exists but everything that is considered bad is removed and everything considered good is magnified. That's it, nothing more nothing less. Moreover, the religion is exaggerated what is strange having in mind modern utopias that really denies religion. But having in mind the century the book was written (more than 400 year ago), probably it's the norm.In addition, The City Of The Sun really look like a mix of the modern days authors' books' The New Brave World and 1984. Not considering technologies, just taking the society's lifestyle and traditions, it really looks having characteristics similar to both of the modern novels. And still I don't love the robotized society. Even though the book describes happy people, I still don't see any personalities and any sense of their existence, but probably that's the point of utopia world.I just want to make some analogues to our world. One of them is that society in the book is so busy doing everyday activities that people don't even have time to realize themselves and their actual needs or existence. They are blindly following the order of the state, the formed needs and formed happiness. Sadly, but our world is the same. Most people are so busy doing everyday routine activities, following formed opinions and needs that are basically not their own. It seems the same robotic. The good thing is that in our world we can wake up, we have everything we need to do so and if utopia dreams doesn't make you more robotic, if you feel somehow that you need to escape from sleeping life, one of the best books to read is Why You're Dumb, Sick and Broke...And How To get Smart, Healthy and Rich by Randy Gage.If you have some additions or different opinion, please, share and discuss it together!