The book written by Sir Richard Branson himself. It's not his first book which I had a chance to read. Yet Losing My Virginity is one of the best books I've read in my life so far. Richard is one of my inspiring personalities and probably that's why for me this book is even more special. I believe, everyone, who has big dreams and want them to come true should read about how virginity is really lost.Losing My Virginity title was chosen not accidentally. One of the reasons was to make a catchy title for the book, to attract more attention and in my opinion it played out very well. Another reason is that the empire created by Richard is called Virgin. To sum up all that, this book is very worth reading, and it's not the title that makes it unforgettable - it's the real story, that makes this book epic!And the story begins with Richard's childhood. If you think that rich people are born, you are wrong. Author himself wasn't born with a silver spoon in his mouth. He had to earn everything himself and that journey wasn't simple. Getting into those pages you will find how Richard started, developed, almost collapsed couple of times, struggled, fought and finally made the impossible.What I love the most is the story itself. For me it was inspiring, motivating and forcing to think big. Never stay satisfied only with small things and always keep looking for the things that truly matter. I admire Richard's attitude to life. He was always trying to have fun in business, always prove that everything is possible, and when you read this book it seems that the word "impossible" simply don't exist in the dictionary.I like that Richard is really open in this book. He wrote not only about business but also about his love adventures, women and sex. Moreover, this story reveals fights for the true, reputation and honor. It's so involving that I couldn't put it away until I knew the end.I believe, everybody will find a lot of priceless advises, ideas and courage in this book. If you'll read it with an open mind, I believe the word "impossible" will start to disappear from your life!So what is your story of losing your virginity?!