I have now been using the Haan SI-70 for about 6 months.  I love it. It meets my expectations.  I bought it after reviewing and reading reviews on a number of machines. Consumer Reports had listed an earlier version as their top pick but mentioned several negative issues such as a weak handle.  As soon as I put this machine together, it was as though they had read the same article and gone back to the drawing board and made the necessary corrections.  The only issue that will never be solved is having a long enough cord.  Really not an issue of importance to me and easily resolved with a longer extension cord or a smaller house.1. I would recommend using mineral free water just as you should in your cloths iron.2. Try following the directions.  The directions are important.  Don't, for example, place the pad on the machine as it warms up. They give you a rubber pad to place the machine on as it warms up. You are not trying to work with a wet pad but a pad though which the steam can flow. It is all in the directions and my wife has proven that that does not necessarily mean people follow them.3.  There is a learning curve with this and any other steamer.  It feels as though you are moving a lot more slowly which is true. I followed the directions and take about a four foot square and slowly move the steamer over a path once, move over and go over a second area and then pass over the 1st area a second time.  That removes the tough dirt. The key is not to rush and change the pads when they get wet. Again, it is all in their directions. Ultimately, I find this considerably faster and more satisfying than mopping in the traditional manner.4.  I believe that rugs should be vacuumed first and then again after use of the steamer, again in the directions.  Remember, it kills the mites and bacteria that live in your rugs.5.  I also found that being able to remove the steamer and use it on my bedding  worked great. It is not a fast process but once a month is not that bad. Again, dust mites and bacteria can be destroyed.6.  For the price, the Haan is a great purchase.