The Hobbit (or There and back again) is a fantasy novel written by author J.R.R. Tolkien. The novel focuses on the life of a hobbit, a small humanoid creature with hairy feet, named Bilbo Baggins. Bilbo is a young Hobbit, who lives a quiet life, up until an old wizard named Gandalf the Grey makes an unexpected visit, which brings a multitude of guests (specifically Dwarves). The Dwarves employ a reluctant Bilbo Baggins as a burglar on their trip, as Hobbits are told to be extremely light on their feet. The rest of the book follows Bilbo on his journey with the Dwarves, and Gandalf on a quest to reclaim the mountain (the Dwarves&#8217; home) from a fire dragon, called Smaug, and explains how Bilbo came into the company of a powerful ring.There were several things that I enjoyed in this this novel. The first thing that I took liking to was the style in which this novel was written. There was a very enjoyable sense of calmness, pacing when this book was written, and it shows in the novel. There is a wealth of content, which is quality, and forces the reader to continue reading page after page. Another few things about the book that I enjoyed were the introduction, and development of the characters. In the beginning of the book Bilbo seemed to be a self-concerned, cowardly, stubborn, and timid Hobbit. Slowly, but steadily, Bilbo became a strong, independent, confident, and open-minded Hobbit due to the company, of the Dwarves and Gandalf. The Dwarves, were introduced in the beginning of the book as ignorant, uncouth, haughty, complacent, and self-forcing, and even a little mean spirited. Towards the end of the book, they became friendly, likeable, and cordial characters, while maintaining the rough essence of a warrior. Bilbo&#8217;s development as a character was enjoyable to observe, and correlated strongly with the Dwarves, something to the effect of dominoes. One change, or action by a character changed, or effected a character in another way. There was really only one thing that I didn&#8217;t enjoy in the novel, or thought could have been better. This thing was the way that some things were explained. Trying to explain some of the subject matter of this novel, while in Old English is no easy task, but the simple solution would&#8217;ve been to write using less sophisticated language, so that the reader would have an easier time comprehending what was at hand. Other than that, this was the only thing that I didn&#8217;t enjoy in the novel.Aside from the perplexing language choice used in this novel, I loved everything about this novel. J.R.R. Tolkien was clearly, thinking critically while developing, and writing this novel. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys fantasy, and questing. J.R.R. Tolkien has another book (The Desolation of Smaug) that is a sequel to The Hobbit, which I most certainly plan on obtaining, and reading, because I loved The Hobbit, and would read it over again several times, if I had the time.