Fernando Rodriguez @fernrod had the privilege of listening to Peter Kageyama in an interactive workshop sponsored by Leon County, the City of Tallahassee, Village Square and Knight Creative Communities Institute (KCCI). Fernando Rodriguez @fernrod would like to share his insights of the event:Love is a worn-out word. I couldn't count how many times I've heard somebody say, "I love my triple grande caramel macchiato" or my wife ask me "Don't you love how these jeans fit me?" For those reasons, I was skeptical when I opened the email that read Register to Attend the For the Love of Cities: Tallahassee + Leon County Workshop. I was invited to attend this interactive workshop sponsored by Leon County, the City of Tallahassee, Village Square and Knight Creative Communities Institute (KCCI). The guest speaker was author Peter Kageyama, who has spoken all over the world about bottom up community development and the amazing people that are making change happen.The day of the workshop finally came. As I entered the FSU Alumni Association, I could see a heterogeneous group of men, women, senior citizens and college students, Caucasians, African-Americans, Hispanics and even members of the LBGT community. At my table were other unofficial "city-makers," creative people with a passion for their hometown that want to make it a better place to live and identify ideas that help make things happen.Dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, Peter addressed a captive audience saying, "A mutual love affair between people and their place is one of the most powerful influences in our lives, yet rarely thought of in terms of a relationship" as images of museums, playgrounds, bike paths, pedestrian walks and monumental works of art, were projected on the screen.I was familiar with most of these places. I had recently taken my family to New Orleans and visited the National World War II Museum. I have strolled down the pedestrian walk at Times Square and admired Cloud Gate, one of the monumental works of art at Chicago's Millennium Park. Nothing was new, except the term he coined to describe them: love letters from the city.Peter focused our attention to the center of the table. There were easel papers, Post-it-notes, pencils and colored markers. He asked each participant to write what we loved about Tallahassee on a Post-it note, come up to the microphone and share it with everyone. This is when his true gift was revealed: the ability to move people to action.After a few minutes, most of the room eagerly started to make their way to the microphone. One after another, each person filled the room with a sense of pride that I had not felt before. They were saying, "I love Tallahassee's bike trails," "I love our canopy roads," "I love Tallahassee Community College" and the anticipated "I love the Seminoles!!!"Peter gave us two more assignments: to come up with a design for a Tallahassee t-shirt and to create a new (or revive an old) city ritual or tradition. Again, a long line of volunteers stepped up to the mic and share their "50 Shades of Trees" and "Talla-Happy" t-shirt designs, among others.The ritual or tradition ideas generated by attendees were as creative. "Let's bring back the hot air balloon festival" and "We suggest closing Tennessee St. and break Bosnia's world record of 1,521 couples dancing in the streets. This would certainly give another meaning to the expression: Tennessee Waltz." The audience was energized!That day I learned two valuable lessons. When we consider the emotional connection we have with our cities, we open up new possibilities in community, social and economic development, and love is not a worn-out word after all.