This game is one of those discs that, if you never heard of it before or played it, and heard the great reviews from other gamers, you'd probably think its top of the line.  For the 16 bit world, it's not bad.  It has some really nice extras in it; the music when you fight Dr. Robotnik is fun to hear, not to mention some of the music from the other levels when you travel through time, and the graphics are nice and colorful. OVERALL HOWEVER, the music comes off as slack, the levels can be dizzying and annoying to tamper with, and Sonic does not have the lovable easy speed mode (you know, where you simply hold the dpad down, and rev up with the "a" button? It's more difficult to do in this one.  You have to play it to know what I mean.  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 did this PERFECTLY. WHY NO ONE DUPLICATED THE PERFECTION OF THAT GAME IS BEYOND ME.  Plus, the 3D effects were really too early on to be terribly impressive. This game would have been better perhaps simply as a model for gameplay to come, not as its own independant disc.  Overall, as a Sonic fan I had to buy it, but it's not on my greatest games list.  You gotta be better than the old games Sonic, otherwise, you'll always get slammed.  Now the game is not impossible to get into, it's just that it needs perhaps a better introduction and cut scenes.  Without these the game is not that captivating, though it is a little refreshing to play a Sonic game that requires more accuracy and brainpower in spots such as in Casino levels when your'e bouncing off springs and such. It's really hard to describe the twist and turns in a Sonic game unless you've played it yourself, and most everyone has, and arguably everyone has their own acquired appetite that may be satisfied by this awkward game.  It's not the worst and it's not the best. It's cool to have that extra glitter in the sparkles when you're invincible and it's not like the bosses are too hard to beat, it's just that the past present scheme to the game doesn't feel too significant and the game will trip you out easily with the level designs.  Besides that the past and future signs don't do much besides change the design in the back with buildings and such.