I'm going to be honest. My love of this game stems mainly from my nostalgia towards it. I opened up this baby on Christmas '03 and from then on it defined my childhood. Let me also be the first to say that this is NOT a genre-defining revolutionary 3-D platformer such as Super Mario 64 or Banjo Kazooie/Tooie, the likes of which it very obviously emulates. It is, at heart, a gigantic fetch quest with only very basic gaming mechanics that anyone who's played the aforementioned games would recognize in a heart beat. All that sounds pretty underwhelming, so why do I like it so much. Well, it's not just nostalgia. The game comes with 13 huge levels to explore, all based directly off of areas from the show. The designers did a perfect job of matching the game world to what we know from the show. Every inch of this game oozes Spongebob, from the sky being decorated with flower clouds, to the absolutely amazing voice-acting. The writing in this game is off the wall hilarious! The music varies from place to place and isn't anything special, it does its job adequately, except for the boss music which is honestly some of the most epic video game tunes I've ever heard. Speaking of bosses, the three main ones are terrific and some of the best I've ever fought. The visuals are not technically the greatest but they fit the art style of the show and you immediately forget the fact that they've aged quite a bit in 9 years. The gameplay is your standard 3-D platforming fare, with added twists (like tongue-boarding) combined with the overall zaniness of each level that keeps things surprisingly interesting. The game itself is relatively easy to get through, but there are some missions that really stand out as very challenging. 100% completion will probably take about 15-20 hours on the first try, so it does have a very good length. But what stands out the most is the developers' love of the show, and it's obvious once you start playing. If you are a fan of the show, this game is a MUST-BUY! No questions asked! It is an interactive extension of the show that manages to pack every bit of joy from the cartoon into a tiny disc and actually do it right. It is NOT a sloppy licensed title by any means, and trust me, Nickelodeon has made TONS of those. This game is a joy to play and it defined my childhood. I hope you can enjoy it to!