After reviewing the Sega Cd and watching someone else play it, its safe to say that you cannot expect much from this unordinary game console. So, what did Jurassic Park have to offer that most games on the Sega Cd don't? For one it has some 3D perspectives that were pretty neat for its time, not to mention the story and quest is solid.  It's nice to hear the Dinosaur Professor teach you things about all the different Dinosaur species.  It didn't rub off on me too well at first, but it eventually grows on you, and if you have a well balanced appetite for old and new things, this game should satisfy to an extent.  The graphics are nice; very well detailed not to mention you get to use several different weapons and interact with a good variety of animals through out the game.  The fun ends there however.  The puzzles you get stuck on in this game are some of the most irritating ones ever not to mention the game takes far too long to reload when you die.  The puzzles are irritating mainly because they are all more so about timing certain sequences and find that "EXACT spot on the screen."  That sort of stuff is what produces migraines!!!  To make matters worse, and to end this review, let's talk about the end of part three on this game.  Once you begin to find the Dinosaur eggs you need and realize they have to go in the incubator, you feel fairly confident you can get through this and finally end this rare and curious adventure. But then the ultimate glitch occurs.  You find after defeating the T Rex that next you go into a cave to pick up Raptor eggs.  You have night vision goggles and finally you can see where the heck you need to go,and it stops there. I even watched the walkthrough, which the player would not answer my question for me (???)  You approach a well where you notice a card you need to open the next door in the proceeding room.  Well, you can't reach the card; you have to throw two rocks in to raise the level, and THEN grab the card. And that's the problem.  There is no second rock in sight anywhere on the game.  I heard that perhaps in the water tunnel the second rock is around, but it's not there either.  So for me, the biggest problem with this game is you CAN'T FINISH IT.  Where the heck is 2nd rock for the well???  The game has nothing more to offer besides a few special effects that were new for the time, interesting facts, and some corky yet entertaining motion video.  Other than that, this game is a collectors item or for the birds.