There are tons of positive reviews (and negative ones too!) on this blade and this is going to be yet another.  For a really good review on this blade, check out Nutnfancy's review on YouTube.  Just search using Kershaw OSO Sweet. Nutn's will be one of the first ones that comes up.  He's got all the main info on this knife in the description, and gives it a 9/10 rating.  Anyway, take it for what it's worth.Here's my take:The knife was $16 bucks (actually only $11 DOLLARS, + $4.99 shipping via USPS) SHIPPED... TO HAWAII.  It doesn't get much better than that!  I like the blade shape, and it's a good length for EDC. Almost exactly the same length as my Spyderco Tenacious, but a shorter handle.  And LIGHT. I like that A LOT.  I carry a Streamlight ProTac flashlight with my blade in my right front pants pocket, so this Oso Sweet is gonna be great because it won't weigh my pocket down very much.The blade:Steel is 8Cr13MoV.  Decent enough quality for me. (ESPECIALLY in a $16 dollar knife!)Blade length is perfect, again for EDC.SHARP as hell, right out of the box.Hard to deploy right out of the box.  I'm going to oil it a little bit, and try to work it in...but it's a little stiff to open.NO blade play at all, up/down/left/right. Very good there.I wish the liner lock stuck out just a little bit more so it would be easier to unlock. Not a big deal, but that would be nice.Blade is fairly close to centered when closed.  It's not perfectly centered, but almost.  No big deal...(remember...$16 bucks!!!)Handle:Plastic, lightweight...not sure how durable at this point, but again...$16 bucks?!!!I like the "spiderweb" texture, it's interesting to me.Wish it had some jimping along the top, but it's not a dealbreaker.Clip:As others have mentioned...it is REALLY strong.  Almost TOO much.  I think the clip is a little short as well.  I like the look of it though, with Kershaw along the side.  Nice looking but a little too much tension.  I can see it ripping up some types of pants fabrics if I'm not careful.Overall:Great EDC blade for this price. It may not be a Benchmark, but for what it IS...it's probably the best quality in a $16 dollar knife I've ever had. I wasn't actually looking for a new blade, but had this one saved in my wishlist.  So when I saw this knife on sale on Amazon...I HAD to get it at this price. And I'm SO GLAD I did!  I would recommend this knife, even if it was $25 bucks.  That's still a good price on this blade. If it's still on sale for $11 plus $4.99 shipping...BUY IT.  Right now I wish I bought TWO.And please...those of you who are comparing this knife to other more expensive, higher quality steel, G-10 Scales, made in the USA, blah-blah-blah, etc etc etc, knives... There is NO COMPARISON. If you want THAT knife...go buy that one. But...pull out any and EVERY other $10-$15 dollar knife, and compare that one to this $16 dollar Kershaw OSO Sweet, and let's see how THAT comparison looks.  This blade will beat out almost EVERYTHING in it's price range.Nuff Said.