This game is a developing BETA preparing for final launch very soon. But that does not affect the quality!Pros:No Super Computer Needed: I play this game on an I3 with 2g Ram. The settings i have are set to Low, there is an ULTRA low.Bring a friend, this game is pure co-opThis game has a never ending war between hundreds of players at once, in land, air, armor, and mechanical beings on maps that are legitimately 250+ square miles across.There is no pressure to buy, you can obtain many things relatively quick.Amazing community: Concerned players, and teamwork. The players i have played with will often heal me, repair me, revive me, work with me, give me ammo, wait for me to get in vehicles, and have taught me tips and tricks with respect. They realize that assisting your comrade is better for you both in the long run, you want as many experienced and alive players with you when the big battles ensue.Men and Women come together in respect: TRUE respect, be you woman or man, the players (at least on Mathersson server) have treated me and mine with respect, just because she is a girl nobody has changed the way they treat her drastically, only for the better.NO WHINING LITTLE CHILDREN: You read that right, i have yet to run into a child in the game who whines or acts like the console community children. Even the kiddies who play the game know that respect is key to win.CONS:Crashes, a few bugs, and weapon "nerfing". In Beta stage the game crashes at least once a day, which up to now has not caused any damage to my account other than the vehicle i was in dissapearing. Bugs are present in more than one place. Weapons for many factions have been altered to attempt to balance the game but there is still a big margain to balance.Go big or go home: Planetside 2 can be played casually but the biggest battles last 2+ hours.Need a Fast Internet connection: At least 1 mbps.Game requires patience: Not for the 360 quick scope... the battles are such large scales they take time and strategy to accomplish. If you do not stick with your comrades you will get nowhere.