"Child is father of man". 'Blissful Discontent', a delightful book by Pritha Lal describes a series or epiphanies experienced by her as she took a break from her career to turn into a stay at home Mom, and watched with love as her little Parijat, so aptly named, helped her to find interesting parallels between infant behaviour and the set patterns of work behaviour in adults at their work place. Pritha says that she tried to take notice of things she had known all along "from a less than three foot tall vantage point and the view has been spectacular."Reading Mother Goose rhymes through her pregnancy quietens the "two year old child with big bug eyes", denoting familiarity, always a key word in motivation. As she grows, her amazing prowess in knowing close to two hundred words, being bilingual and retaining words with alacrity, are all linked to her parents' constant talking to her. Talking to her, never talking 'down' to her, for children are not balls of mush. They are not ignorant and their minds develop early. Finding clarity through the 'babble' is rewarding and highly motivating.Pritha, the mother, obviously takes precedence over Pritha, the professional, as she talks with pride about herself Parijat using everyday phrases like "Check it out!" , "You did it!"  and the endearing "I love you!", which, of course, she adores. Visual learning reinforces the telling of a subject, be it "sop sines" (shop signs) or "sop sop crowds" (soft soft clouds). Their little girl has  her favourite toys - get purple stuffed Barney, a pink elephant watering can, fly swatter and the like, and she values the associations attached to each one of them.Comparisons are odious and timely praise motivates. Habit formation takes time and doing things repeatedly with enthusiasm is true motivation. It is these little nuggets of wisdom that Pritha puts across brilliantly in her book, relating them with baby steps taken by her precious daughter. Barney 's influence makes magic words like "Please" and "Thank You" an essential part of the conversation, and while there are things that can be taught, there are the intangibles like sharing and caring that need to be learnt on one's own.The book ends with Winnie the Pooh's heart warming advice, adapted simply by this amazing writer. "Remove the fluff. It is so worth it!"